The Persuasion eBook of Project Gutenberg, by Jane Austen (Jane Austen)

This e-book is free for anyone to use anywhere
Hardly any restrictions.You can copy, give away or
Re-use it according to the included Gutenberg program license terms
Use this e-book or online at www.Gutenberg.organization


Title: Persuade

Author: Jane Austen

Release Date: June 5, 2008 [eBook #105]
Last update: February 15, 2015

English language


*** The launch of the project GUTENBERG e-book persuasive ***




Produced by Sharon Partridge and Martin Ward.HTML version
Al Haines.persuade


after

Jane Austin

(1818)




Chapter 1


Sir Walter Elliott of Kelich Hall, Somerset, was a man.
For his own pastime, he never picked up any books except "The Baroness"; there
He found a job in his free time and found comfort in pain
One; there, his talent was aroused by admiration and respect,
Consider the limited remnants of the earliest patents; there are any
Feeling unwelcome, a natural change caused by internal affairs
Turning over almost endless works, turning them into pity and contempt
Last century; there, if the other leaves were powerless, he
You can read your own history with the interest of never failing.This
Is the favorite volume always open page:

           "Elliott of Kailinch Hall."Walter Eliot, born on March 1, 1760, married on July 15, 1784, Elizabeth,
James Stevenson’s daughter, Esq.South Park, in the county
Gloucester, who gave birth to Elizabeth's wife (died in 1800)
June 1, 1785; Anne, born August 9, 1787; a stillborn son, November 5,
1789; Mary, born on November 20, 1791."

That's it, the paragraph originally came from the printer
Hand; but Sir Walter improved it by adding for reference
He and his family, these words, after Mary was born—
"On December 16, 1810, Charles Musgrove’s son and heir Charles married,
Plasma.Located in Uppercross in Somerset, and by inserting most
To be precise the day he lost his wife.Then followed the ancient and respected history and rise
Family, generally speaking; how it settled in Cheshire in the first place;
How did Dagdale mention serving the Office of the Senior Sheriff,
Represented a borough in three consecutive sessions of Parliament,
The loyalty and dignity of the baron, in the first year of Charles II, and
All Mary and Elizabeth they married; two together
The handsome duodecimo page, with the arm and
Motto:-"The main seat of Kelich Hall, Somerset" and
Sir Walter's handwriting reappears in this ending:--

"Assumed heir, William Walter Elliott, Esq., Great-grandson of
Sir Walter."

Vanity is the beginning and end of Sir Walter Elliott’s character;
Vanity of Man and Environment.He used to be very handsome
His youth; and, at the age of fifty-four, he was still a very good person.Young woman
Can consider their personal appearance more than him, nor can
Any servant of a newly appointed lord will be more satisfied with what he has
in society.He believes that the blessing of beauty is second only to
The blessing of baroniality; and the united Sir Walter Elliott
These gifts have always been the objects of his most warm respect,
Piety.His beauty and military rank impose a fair demand on his attachment. since
To them, he must owe a wife of very superior character.
What I deserve.Mrs. Elliott has always been an excellent woman,
Sensible and amiable; their judgment and behavior, if possible
Forgave her Mrs. Elliott’s youth fascination, never
Need to indulge afterwards.——She has been humorous, or softened, or
Cover up his shortcomings and promote his true decency
Seventeen years; although not the happiest person in the world
She herself, has found enough in her duties, her friends and her children,
Attach her to life, let her ignore her indifference to her
When she was asked to quit.——Three girls, two older ones
16 and 14 years old is a terrible legacy for a mother, a
On the contrary, horrible allegations, confide in authority and guidance
Arrogant and stupid father.However, she has a very close friend, a
Wise, worthy woman, brought by strong attachment
To herself, settle near her, in the village of Kelich; and in
For her kindness and advice, Mrs. Elliott mainly relies on the best help
And maintain the good principles and guidance she has
Has been anxiously giving her daughters.This friend and Sir Walter are not married, anyway
Their acquaintances expected this.Thirteen years
Mrs. Eliot has passed away since her death and they are still nearby
Neighbors and close friends, one is still a widower, the other
widow.That Mrs. Russell is stable in age and personality, and very good
Stipulates that a second marriage should not be considered, no need
Apologize to the public, it's easy to be unreasonable
Women are more dissatisfied when they remarry than when they are no longer married; but
Sir Walter continues to be single needs explanation.that's all
I knew then that Sir Walter, like a good father, (with a
Or two personal disappointments in a very unreasonable application),
Proud to be single for my dear daughters.in order to
A daughter, his eldest lady, he would really give up anything,
What he doesn't really want to do.Elizabeth has
At the age of sixteen, she did everything possible to inherit her mother’s rights
And consequences; and she's so handsome and like herself, she
The influence has always been great, and they have been together the longest
delightly.His other two children are of low value.Marizen
Gain a little artificial importance by becoming Mrs. Charles
Musgrove; but Annie, with grace and sweetness
Character, which must make her stay with any real person
Understand, no one has a father or sister; her words don’t
Weight, her convenience always gives way-she is just Annie.For Mrs. Russell, indeed, she is the dearest and most respected
Goddess, favorites and friends.Mrs. Russell loves them. but
Only in Annie can she imagine her mother coming back to life again.A few years ago, Anne Elliot was a very beautiful girl, but her
The bloom disappeared early; even at its height, her father had
I found nothing worthy of admiration in her, (her delicacy is completely different
His facial features and mild black eyes), there is nothing inside
They, now she has faded and wasted, to inspire his respect.He has
Never let go of too much hope, he is gone now, read from her name
Any other page of his favorite work.All equality of the alliance must
Take a break with Elizabeth, because Mary just put herself with an old
The respectable and immense wealth of the country family, therefore
Giving all the honor but not receiving any honor: the Elizabethan meeting, one day or
Other, marriageable.Sometimes it happens that a woman is more handsome than her at the age of twenty-nine.
Ten years ago; and, generally speaking, if there is
Neither healthy nor anxious, this is almost no time in life
Lose any charm.Elizabeth is the same, still handsome
Miss Elliott said she started thirteen years ago, Sir Walter
Therefore, it can be forgiven for forgetting her age, or at least it can
Only considered half a fool, because he thinks he and Elizabeth are both blooming
As always, the beauty of others is ruined; for him
Can clearly see the ages of all his other family members and acquaintances
Growing.Anne is haggard, Mary is rude, every face is in
Neighborhood conditions deteriorated, crow's feet increased rapidly
Mrs. Russell’s temple has been haunting him for a long time.Elizabeth is not exactly on par with her father in terms of personal satisfaction.For thirteen years, she has witnessed Kelich Hall’s mistress, host and
Directed with a self-control and determination that can never be possessed
Considering she is younger than her actual age.Thirteen years
Whether she has been fulfilling the honor and enacting domestic laws
Go home, show the way to the recliner and the four-person seat, and then walk
After Mrs. Russell walked out of all the living rooms,
Domestic restaurant.Thirteen winter's revolving frosts
Seeing her open every credit ball in a slum
When she traveled, thirteen springs bloomed their flowers
Go to London with her father, enjoy a few weeks every year
Great world.She has all these memories, she has
Nine-year-old and 20-year-old consciousness makes her a little regretful and
Some worries; she is completely content to stay the same
As handsome as ever, but she feels that she is approaching dangerous years,
Would be happy to be solicited appropriately
Baron's blood in the next twelve or two months.Then she might be again
Enjoy the books as you did when you were young,
But now she doesn't like it anymore.Always be brought up with her date
When I was born, I saw that there was no marriage, only the youngest sister,
Made this book evil; more than once, when her father left
Open on a table near her, if she closes her eyes, avoiding her eyes, and
Push it away.In addition, she was also disappointed that the book, especially
The history of her own family must always be presented.Presumption of heir, very William Walter Elliott, Esq.,who
Her father disappointed her by supporting her rights so generously
she was.When she was a very young girl, as soon as she met him,
If she doesn’t have a brother, the future baron, intends
Marry him, her father always wanted her.He didn't
They knew it when they were young; but shortly after Mrs. Eliot’s death, Sir
Walter has found acquaintances, although his proposal did not
Whenever he encounters any warmth, he perseveres in seeking to make
Subsidies for youth to withdraw moderately; and, in one of their
A spring excursion to London, when Elizabeth bloomed for the first time, sir
Elliott forced to enter the introduction.At that time he was still a very young man, only engaged in research
Law; Elizabeth finds him very likable, and every one of his plans
Favor is confirmed.He was invited to Kelich Hall; he was talked about
The rest of the year is expected; but he has never been here.This
In the spring of the following year, he appeared in the city again and was found to be equally pleasant.
Once again encouragement, invitation and expectation, he did not come; and
The next news is that he is married.Instead of pushing him
The line of wealth drawn for the heirs of the Elliott family, he
Gained independence by uniting with a wealthy woman
Inferior student.Sir Walter is disgusted with it.As the head of the family, he feels
You should consult, especially after taking this young man away
Hands openly; "because they must have seen it together," he
Observed, "Once in Tattersall's, twice in House of the House
Commons."He expressed dissatisfaction, but apparently rarely
Is considered.Mr. Elliott did not try to apologize, but claimed to be
Come uninvited because Sir Walter is no longer noticed by his family
Think he is unworthy: all the acquaintances between them have
Stop.Mr. Elliott’s very embarrassing history is still
For several years, Elizabeth, who has always liked this man, is angry with her
He himself, and more importantly, as her father’s heir, his strong
The pride of the family can only be seen in him to match Sir Walter
Elliott's eldest daughter.From A to Z, no baron is hers
Feelings can be so willingly recognized as equality.But so
He behaved miserably, even though she was at this moment
Time (the summer of 1814) when he wore a black ribbon for his wife, she could
Don't admit that he is worth thinking about again.His first shame
Marriage is possible, maybe, because there is no reason to assume it
Continued by future generations, has overcome, if he did not do it worse;
But he has, like under the usual intervention of good friends, they
Was told that the least respect for all of them, the most
Slightly contemptuous of his lineage, and
His own honor in the future.This is impossible
pardon.This is the emotions and feelings of Elizabeth Elliott; such care
Alloy, agitating change, sameness and elegance,
The prosperity and emptiness of her life scene; such feelings
Be interested in a long-term, peaceful residence in a rural area,
To fill the vacancies that have no practical habits abroad, no
The talent or achievement of the family, occupying.But now, another kind of professional and spiritual care is beginning to appear
Add to these.Her father is increasingly worried about money.she was
I know, when he is now a baron, it’s for driving
The huge bills of his businessman, and the hint that his husband is unwelcome
The shepherd, his agent, comes from his mind.Kelich property is
Very good, but it does not mean Sir Walter's concerns about the desired state
In its owner.When Mrs. Eliot was alive, there was a way,
Temperance and frugality have kept him within the income range; but
Died with her all this kind of righteous thoughts, from that period on, he
Keep surpassing.He can't
Reduce expenses; he did nothing except what Sir Walter Elliott did.
Demanding arbitrarily; but despite his blamelessness, he not only
I have a lot of debt, but I hear it so often that it
Trying to hide from him for a longer period of time, even part of it, has become futile
daughter.His last spring in town gave her some hints.
He even said: "Can we lay off employees? Have you thought
Do you think we can cut any article? "with
Elizabeth, for her justice, in the first passion of the female alert,
Seriously consider what can be done and finally propose
These two economic sectors cut off some unnecessary charities,
Avoid redecorating in the living room; where
As a stopgap she later added that they don’t take any happy thoughts
Give it to Annie, this is an annual routine.But these
Measures, no matter how good they are, are not enough to achieve the real goal
The level of evil, Sir Walter found himself responsible for all of this
Confessed to her soon.Elizabeth has nothing to suggest
Deeper effect.She feels abused and misfortune, just like her
Father; neither of them can think of anything
Reduce expenses without compromising dignity, or
Give up their comfort in an unbearable way.Sir Walter can only dispose of a small part of his property
Yes; but if every acre can be transferred, there won’t be
the difference.He condescends a mortgage, as long as he has
Power, but he will never condescend to sell.No; he will never
Shame his name so far.Kelich Manor should be passed on
Complete, complete, as he received.Their two secret friends Mr. Shepard live in
The neighboring market town and Mrs. Russell were summoned to advise them.
Father and daughter seem to be expecting something
Be knocked down by one or the other to eliminate their embarrassment and
Reduce their expenditure without involving any loss of indulgence
Taste or pride.chapter 2


Mr. Shepard, a civilized and prudent lawyer, no matter what he has
Or his opinion of Sir Walter, would rather let unpleasant hints
Was forgiven by anyone else, did not provide the slightest hint, and
Just ask for leave to recommend an implicit reference to excellence
Mrs. Russell’s judgment, from her known good feelings, he was completely
He is expected to propose firm measures as he wants to see
Finally passed.Mrs. Russell was very enthusiastic about this question and gave it
Very serious consideration.She is a woman and not a sound
Quick ability, who has difficulty in making any decisions in this regard
The example is great, from the opposition of two main principles.She herself is upright and has a subtle sense of honor;
But she was eager to save Sir Walter’s feelings, but also eager
For the credibility of the family, her views on what a nobleman is
Because of them, because anyone who is sane and honest can be.She is a
A kind, considerate and good woman can have a strong attachment ability,
Her behavior is the most correct, her etiquette concept is the most strict, and she is in line with
Behavior is the standard of good education.She has a
Cultivated minds, generally speaking, are rational and consistent;
But she has a prejudice against pedigree; she has a value
Levels and consequences, which made her turn a little blind to the faults of those people
Who owns them.She herself was just the widow of a knight, she gave
The dignity that a baron deserves; and Sir Walter, independent of his
Claiming to be an old acquaintance, a caring neighbor, and a helpful
The landlord, the husband of her very close friend, Anne’s father and
Her sisters, as Sir Walter, in her worries, have the right
Gave him great sympathy and consideration in the moment
difficult.They have to lay off employees; they don’t comment.But she is very
Yearn to complete it with as little pain as possible, and
Elizabeth.She made an economic plan, she made precise calculations,
She did things that no one else had thought of: She consulted Anne, Anne
Never seems to be considered right by others
problem.She consulted and was influenced by her to some extent
Mark the last layoff plan submitted to
Sir Walter.Annie is on the side of honesty every time she makes corrections
Objection to importance.She wants stronger measures, more complete
Reform, get rid of debt faster, higher tone
Indifferent to everything but justice and fairness."If we can persuade your father to accept all this," said Mrs. Russell.
Looking at her paper, "There are many things that can be done.If he will adopt these
Rules, he will know it in seven years; I hope we can
Convince him and Elizabeth that Kelich Hall is respectable
Itself is not affected by these reductions; and that
The true dignity of Sir Walter Elliott is far from diminished by this.
The eyes of a sensible person act like a principled person.What will
In fact, what he is doing, but many of our first families have
Did it or should it be done? There will be nothing special in his situation; and
It is the singularity that often makes our pain the worst part, because
It always affects our behavior.I hope to win.we
Must be serious and decisive; after all, possess
Contract debts must be repaid; although many are due to
The affection of a gentleman, the affection of the head of the house, like your father,
And more because of the character of an honest person."

This is the principle Annie wants her father to be
Go on, his friend urged him.She thinks it is an act
The indispensable obligation to pay off the creditor's rights
The most comprehensive layoffs can ensure the expedition,
And can't see any dignity.She wants it to be
Stipulated and considered a responsibility.She evaluates the influence of Mrs. Russell
Height; as for the severity of her own self-denial
Conscience reminds her that she believes there may be no more difficulties
Persuade them to reform thoroughly, not semi-reform.she was
The knowledge of her father and Elizabeth made her think
The pain of sacrificing a horse is hardly less than sacrificing a horse
Both, wait, through the entire list of Mrs. Russell’s too gentle
cut back.How Anne's stricter requirements might be adopted is trivial
result.Mrs. Russell did not succeed at all: unbearable
And don't bear."What! All easy lives have been broken!
Journey, London, servants, horses, dining table-contractions and
Restrictions everywhere! No longer polite, even
Private gentleman! No, he will leave Kelich Hall immediately,
Instead of staying there on such shameful conditions."

"Exit Kelich Hall."The husband immediately adopted this suggestion
Shepherd, his interest involves the reality of Sir Walter
People who have laid off employees and completely believe that no action will be taken
Do not change residence."Because the idea is
It’s where the orders should be given, he has no scruples," he said, "in
Admit that his judgment is completely on that side.It doesn't
In his opinion, Sir Walter can fundamentally change his style
Live in such a hospitable and ancient house
Supporting dignity.Anywhere else Sir Walter can judge
Himself; and will be respected as a mode of life
No matter how he chooses to shape his family."

Sir Walter will exit Kelich Hall; a few days later
Doubt and indecision, the big question of where he should go is
The first outline that addresses this important change.There were three choices, London, Bath, or another house in London
country.All Annie's wishes are for the latter.A small house
In their own neighborhood, where they might have Mrs. Russell’s
Society, still close to Mary, and still have some fun
Seeing Kelich’s lawns and woods is her goal
ambition.But Anne’s usual destiny is with her because there is something
Contrary to her fixed tendency.She doesn't like Bath, and
Unexpectedly, she agreed; Buss will be her home.Sir Walter thought more of London at first; but Mr. Shepard thought
He is not trustworthy in London, and he is skilled enough
Dissuade him and make Buss like it better.This is a safer
The position of a gentleman in his predicament: he may be important there
Relatively low cost.Bath's two major material advantages
London has certainly received all the attention: it is more convenient
It’s only fifty miles from Kelich, and Mrs. Russell’s expenses
A certain part of every winter there; and very satisfied
Mrs. Russell, her first opinion on the expected changes is to
Bath, Sir Walter, and Elizabeth were led to believe that they should
Settling there will neither lose the consequences nor the fun.Mrs. Russell felt it necessary to oppose the wishes known to her dear Annie.it
It is too much to expect Sir Walter to come down to a small house.
His own neighbor.Annie will find out
It’s more humiliating than she expected, and Sir Walter’s
I feel they must be terrible.And about Annie
I don’t like Buzz, she thinks it’s a kind of prejudice and error,
First, judging from her three years in school
There, after her mother died; secondly, since she happened to
After that, the only winter she spent was not in a good mood
Spend there with her.In short, Mrs. Russell likes Bath and tends to think it must
Suitable for them; as for the health of her young friend, through all
During the warm months with her in the Kelich Cottage, all dangers will be avoided;
In fact, this is a change that must take into account both health and spirit
Ok.Annie leaves home too little, sees too little.Her spirit
not tall.The larger society will improve them.She wants her
Known by more people.The unpopularity of any other houses in the same block
Sir Walter must have been greatly strengthened, and very
An important part of the plan has been happily transplanted to
begin.He not only wants to leave his home, but also to see it at home
Other people's hands; tough trials, stronger minds than jazz
Walter has too many discoveries.Kelich Hall will be rented out.This,
However, it is a profound secret, cannot exceed one's own breath
Circle.Sir Walter could not bear the known depravity
Design his house.Mr. Shepard once mentioned this term
"Advertising" but never dared to approach.Sir Walter refused
Ideas provided in any way; no hints are allowed
Was abandoned. He had this intention; it was just in
Suppose he was asked spontaneously by some majority
The impeccable applicant, on his own terms, as a great favor,
He will let it go.The reason to approve what we like came too quickly! Mrs. Russell
There is another great person on hand, because very happy sir
Walter and his family are leaving this country.Elizabeth has
Recently, she has been forming an intimacy, and she hopes to see this intimacy interrupted.Was with Mr. Shepard’s daughter, she came back after a while
Unsuccessful marriage, go to her father’s house and add extra
The burden of two children.She is a smart young woman, she understands
The art of pleasing-the art of pleasing, at least in Keliqi Hall;
Who made Miss Eliot accept herself so much that
Have lived there more than once, even though the lady
Russell thought it was an anachronistic friendship, he could imply
Caution and reservation.In fact, Mrs. Russell had almost no influence on Elizabeth, and
Seems to love her, not because she will love her, not because
Elizabeth deserves it.She has never received more than
External attention, nothing but obedience; there is
Did not succeed at any point she wanted to carry, objected
Previous tendency.She tried repeatedly
Let Anne participate in the visit to London, for all
Injustice and all defamation of the selfish arrangements for closure
She went out, and on many minor occasions, she tried to get Elizabeth
Use her own better judgment and experience; but always
In vain: Elizabeth will go her own way; she has never pursued it
The opposition to Mrs. Russell is more determined than in this election.
Clay; turn away from the society so worthy of my sister, give her
Feelings and trust in someone who should have no meaning to her
But the object of long-distance civilization.Judging from the situation, in Mrs. Russell’s estimation, Mrs. Clay is a very
Inequality, in her character, she believes in a very dangerous partner;
And a relocation that would leave Mrs. Clay behind and bring a choice
Miss Elliott has a more suitable close friend within reach, and is therefore a
The most important object.Chapter 3


"I must take time off for observation, Sir Walter," said Mr. Shepard.
In the morning in Kelich Hall, when he put down the newspaper, "That
It's good for us right now.This peace will change everything
Our wealthy naval officer came ashore.They all want a home.Sir Walter, now is the best time to choose tenants,
Very responsible tenant.Gained a lot of noble wealth during this period
war.If a wealthy admiral blocks our way, Sir Walter—"

"He will be a very lucky man, Shepard," Sir Walter replied. "That is
All i have to say.Kelich Hall is indeed a prize for him;
It’s the biggest prize, so he won so much
Ex; hey, shepherd? "

Mr. Shepard laughed because he knew he would laugh at this wit, and then added—

"I guess, Sir Walter, in business,
The gentlemen of the navy are easy to deal with.I have a little
Understand their business methods; I am free to admit
They have very free ideas and are likely to make
The ideal tenant as any group of people that people should meet.So, Sir Walter, my advice for taking time off is if
Because any rumors about your intentions spread abroad; which
Must be seen as possible because we know how difficult it is
It is to prevent the behavior and design of a certain part of the world
Attention and curiosity about each other; at your own risk; I, John
Shepherd, may conceal any family affairs I choose because no one
They would think it was worthwhile to observe me; but Sir Walter Elliott
Watching him with eyes that may be difficult to avoid; and
So I took so many risks, it won’t surprise you
If I, with all our caution, deserve some rumors about the truth
Abroad; suppose among them, as I will observe, because
Applications will undoubtedly follow and I should think any of our
A wealthy naval commander who deserves special attention; and asks for leave
Just to add, those two hours will bring me here at any time to save you
Trouble replying."

Sir Walter just nodded.But soon after, got up and paced
In the room, he sarcastically observed--

"I think very few of the navy gentlemen would
Don’t be surprised to find yourself living in a house described in this way."

"There is no doubt that they will look around and wish them good luck,"
Mrs. Clay said that because Mrs. Clay was present: her father drove her
It’s over, nothing is more important than driving Mrs. Clay’s health.
Kelich: "But I very much agree with my father that the sailor may
Become a very ideal tenant.I know a lot
Profession; apart from their generosity, they are so neat and careful
In all their ways! These precious photos of you, Sir Walter, if
You choose to leave them, you will be very safe.Everything is in and
About the house will be taken care of so well! Garden and
The bushes will remain in the same order as they are now.you
Don't be afraid, Miss Eliot, your own sweet garden
Neglected."

"As for all this," Sir Walter replied coldly, "Suppose I was induced
Let my house, I never made up my mind
Incidental privilege.I am not particularly inclined
Good for tenants.Of course the park will be open to him, there is very little navy
An officer or any other type of person can have such a range;
But I might be tempted to use
Playground is another matter.I don't like my idea
The bush is always approachable; I should recommend the lady
Eliot needs to be vigilant about her garden.I am very
There is hardly any intention to grant Kelich Hall’s tenants any extraordinary
I assure you, whether he is a sailor or a soldier."

After a short pause, Mr. Shepard speculated that--

"In all these cases, there are established usages that make everything
Simple and clear between the landlord and the tenant.Your interest, Sir Walter,
In very safe hands.Rely on me to take care of no tenants
Has more than just his legitimate rights.I took the liberty to imply that Sir Walter
Elliott cannot be jealous of himself like John Shepard
for him."

Annie is talking here--

"Navy, I think they have done so much for us, at least one
Equal requirements with any other man, all comfort and all
Privileges that any family can give.The sailors put enough effort into their work
Comfort, we all have to allow."

"Very real, very real.Miss Anne is right," said the husband
Shepherd’s retort, "Oh! Of course," was his daughter’s; but Mr.
Walter’s comment was that soon after—

"This profession has its uses, but I should regret to see any
My friend belongs to it."

"Indeed!" was a reply, with a surprised expression."Yes; it is offensive to me in two ways; I have two strong reasons
Against it.First of all, as a means of bringing people
To misrepresent one's birth name and make a person honorable
Their father and grandfather never dreamed of it; secondly, because it
The most terribly sever one's youth and vitality; sailors get old
Earlier than anyone.I have been observing it all my life.A man is
There is a greater danger of being insulted by the rise of a man in the navy
Whose father, his father may disdain to talk, and
Become an object of disgust prematurely, rather than anyone else
line.One day last spring, in the town, I was with two men,
The compelling example I’m talking about; Lord St. Ives, his father
We all know that once was a village pastor, there was no bread to eat; I used to be
Give way to Lord St. Ives and Admiral Baldwin,
The sad character you can imagine; the color of his face
Mahogany, rough to the extreme; all fine lines and wrinkles,
There are nine white hairs on one side and only a little powder on the top.'in
In the name of heaven, who is that old guy? I said to a friend of mine
People standing nearby, (Sir Basil Morley)."Old guy!" the chief cried
Basil, is Admiral Baldwin.What do you think his age is?
"Sixty," I said, "or sixty-two."Forty," Sir Basil replied.
'Forty, no more.'Imagine my surprise; I won't
It's easy to forget Admiral Baldwin.I have never seen such a miserable
Example of sailing life; but in a way, I know it is
They are all the same: they are all knocked down and exposed to
Every climate, every weather, until they are not suitable to be seen.it
It's a pity that they weren't hit on the head immediately before they arrived
Admiral Baldwin's age."

"No, Sir Walter," said Mrs. Clay, "this is really serious..Have
A little pity for the poor.We are not born handsome.The sea is certainly not a beautifier; sailors do get old;
Observed it; they soon lost their youthful appearance.But then, not
It is the same as many other occupations, maybe most other occupations? soldier,
In the active service, it is not good at all: even in a quieter place
Occupation, there is a kind of hard work and spiritual work, if not
The body rarely allows a man’s appearance to be naturally affected by time.The lawyer faltered and was exhausted; the doctor was always there,
And travel around the clock; even the clergy—" she stopped
It’s time to think about what you can do for the clergy;--"Even
Pastor, you know you have to enter the infected room and expose
His health and appearance have been harmed by poisonous gas.in
In fact, as I have long believed, although every profession is
The reverse is also necessary and glorious, this is just the fate of those who
No obligation to follow anyone who can live a normal life
Country, choose your own time, follow your own pursuit, and
Live on your own property without worrying about more;
I said that having the blessings of health and beauty is just their destiny
Extreme appearance: I don’t know other people, but what’s missing
When they are no longer young, they are personable."

It seems that Mr. Shepard is eager to say what Sir Walter said.
The goodwill towards naval officers as tenants was given
Foresight; because the first application for the house is from
Admiral Croft, he got acquainted with him shortly after
Attend the quarterly meeting in Taunton; in fact, he received
A suggestion from a London reporter to the admiral.According to reports,
He hurried to Kelich to do it. Admiral Croft was born and raised.
Somerset hope
Settled in his own country for
Take a look at some advertising locations nearby, among them,
However, it is no longer suitable for him; what I heard accidentally—(like
He had predicted that Mr. Shepard observed that Sir Walter’s worries were impossible
Confidentiality,)-the possibility of accidental hearing
Kellynch Hall is renting out, and understand his (Mr Shepherd's)
In contact with the owner, he introduced himself to him in order to
Make special enquiries, and for a long time
The meeting expressed a strong preference for this place, just like a man
Who knows it can only be felt through description; to Mr. Shepard, in
His clear description of himself, each one proves that he is the most
Responsible qualified tenants."Who is Admiral Croft?" Sir Walter asked coldly and suspiciously..Mr. Shepard replied that he was a family of gentlemen,
Mentioned a place; and Annie, after the next short pause,
Add to - 

"He is Rear Admiral of the White Army.He was in Operation Trafalgar,
Has been in the East Indies ever since; he was stationed there and I
Believe in a few years."

"Then I take it for granted," Sir Walter said, "His face is
As orange as the cuffs and cloak of my uniform."

Mr. Shepard quickly assured him that Admiral Croft was very strong.
Sincere, handsome looking man, a bit weather-beaten, to be sure, but not
Very, very gentleman in all his ideas and actions; not
May cause the least difficulty in terms, only want one
Comfortable home and enter as soon as possible; knowing he must
Pay for his convenience; know what to rent a ready-made house
The result might be; if Sir Walter shouldn’t be surprised
Ask more; inquire about the manor; will be very happy
Commission, of course, but no big deal; say he sometimes
Took out a gun but was never killed; quite a gentleman.Mr. Shepard is eloquent on this issue. Point out all
The admiral’s family situation makes him special
Ideal tenant.He is a married man with no children; this
Very worth looking forward to.The house has never been well taken care of, sir
Observed by the shepherd, none of the ladies: he didn’t know whether the furniture
There may be no danger of suffering where there are no ladies, because
A place with many children.A lady without a family is the most
The best furniture protector in the world.He also met Mrs. Croft.
She was in Taunton with the admiral and almost everyone was there
When they discussed it."And she seems to be a very talkative, gentle, and shrewd lady,"
He continued; "Ask more questions about the house and terms, and
Taxes, not the admiral himself, and seems more familiar
Commercial; besides, Sir Walter, I found her not very
There is no contact in this country, just like her husband; that is,
She is the sister of a gentleman who once lived among us; she told me
So herself: the sister of the gentleman who lived a few years ago
Monkford.Bless me (religion! What's his name? At this moment I can’t
I remember his name, although I have heard of it recently.Penelope, mine
Honey, can you help me find the name of the gentleman who lives there?
Monkford: Mrs. Croft's brother? "

But Mrs. Clay and Miss Elliott talked so eagerly that she didn’t
Hear appeal."I don’t know who you are referring to, shepherd; do I remember
A gentleman who has lived in Monkford since the time of Governor Trent."

"Bless me! How strange! I think I will soon forget my own name.A name I know very well; know this gentleman
Fortunately, visually; I have seen him a hundred times; once came to consult me, I
Remember, about the assault by one of his neighbors; the farmer
Broke into his orchard; the wall was pulled down; the apple was stolen;
Facts; then, contrary to my judgment, submitted to
Friendly compromise.It's really weird! "

Waited for a while--

"I think you mean Mr. Wentworth?" Annie said.Mr. Shepard is grateful."Wentworth is the name! Mr. Wentworth is the man.He has
Monkford’s treatment, you know, Sir Walter, some time ago, two
Or three years.About this year---5, I accept.you
Remember him, i'm sure."

"Wentworth? Oh! Yes,-Mr. Wentworth, the priest of Monkford.You misled
The word gentleman.I thought you were talking about someone
Property: I remember Mr. Wentworth is not someone; there is no contact at all;
Nothing to do with the Stratford family.Some people want to know how these names came from
Many of our nobles have become so common."

Mr. Shepard believes that the Croft family’s connection has no effect on them.
Sir Walter’s service, he no longer mentions; return, with all
His enthusiasm is more undisputedly focused on their situation
Favors; their age, number and wealth; their good ideas
Composed of the Kelich Hall and paid great attention to
Rent out; make it look as if they are not ranked
The happiness of being a tenant of Sir Walter Elliott: extraordinary
Taste, of course, can they be assumed in the secrets of jazz
Walter's estimate of tenant dues.However, it succeeded. Although Sir Walter must always carry
Evil eyes to anyone who intends to live in that house and think they
It’s so happy to be allowed to rent it at the highest point
Terms, he was persuaded to allow Mr. Shepard to continue
Treaty and authorized him to wait for Admiral Croft, he still
Stay in Taunton and arrange a day to see the house.Sir Walter is not very smart. But he still has enough experience
The world feels, a more impeccable tenant, in all necessities,
Admiral Beecroft’s bid was fair and almost impossible to provide.So far his
Understanding; his vanity provides a little extra comfort in
The admiral’s living conditions are just right, not
Too high."I have given my house to Admiral Croft," it sounds
Very good; much better than any simple gentleman—much better; gentleman (save,
Maybe, there are six in the country,) Always need to pay attention
Explanation.An admiral told his own consequences, and at the same time,
Time can never make the Baron look small.In all their transactions and
Sexual intercourse, Sir Walter Elliott must have priority.No mention of Elizabeth, nothing can be done: but her
The tendency to remove became so strong that she was happy
Let the tenant repair and expedite at hand; not a word
She said the suspension decision.Mr. Shepard has every right to act; there will soon be such
Achieved the goal, not Annie, she has always been the most attentive listener
The whole person, leave the room and seek cool air for her
Her cheeks were red; when she walked along her favorite grove, she said,
He sighed softly, "In a few months, he, maybe, might come here."



Chapter 4


However, he is not Monkford’s former pastor, Mr. Wentworth
The suspicious appearance may be, but Captain Frederick Wentworth
Brother, he was appointed commander due to the action in St. Petersburg
Domingo, who was not immediately hired, came to Somerset, in
Summer of 1806; no parents live, half of the home found
A year in Monkford.At that time, he was a very good young man,
Has great wisdom, spirit and talent; and Annie
Very beautiful girl, gentle, humble, tasteful and feeling.Half of the sum of the attractiveness on both sides may be enough, because
He has nothing to do, she has almost no one to love; but
Don’t fail if you encounter such extravagant advice.they are
Gradually acquainted, after acquaintance, quickly and deeply in love.It’s hard to say which one has seen the highest perfection in the world
The other, or the happiest: she is accepting his
Statements and suggestions, or he lets them accept.There was a short good time immediately followed, but it was also a short period of time. ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????.Trouble appeared soon.Sir Walter, at the time of the application, did not actually
Refused his consent, or should never, and gave him all
Shocked, cold, silent denial, and
Claiming to be determined not to do anything for her daughter.He thought
A very degrading alliance; and Mrs. Russell, although more grumpy
And forgivable pride, considered the most unfortunate.Anne Elliot took all her ideas about birth, beauty and thought,
Left at the age of nineteen; let himself be engaged at the age of nineteen
A young man recommended him for everything except himself, and he didn’t
Hope of getting rich, but in the most uncertain opportunity
Occupation and has no relationship to ensure his further ascent in society
Occupation, indeed will be thrown away, she feels sad about it
considering! Annie Elliott, so young; few people know it, was snatched
By a stranger without alliances or wealth; or more precisely by him
The most exhausted, anxious, and dependent state! It must not
Yes, if interfered by any fair friendship, from
A person who almost has maternal love and maternal rights, that would be
prevent.Captain Wentworth has no wealth.His profession is very lucky.
But squandered, it came in vain, nothing was achieved.but
He believes that he will soon become rich: full of energy and enthusiasm,
He knew he would own a ship soon, and would arrive at a ship soon
Will lead to everything he wants.He has always been lucky. he knows
He should be so quiet.Such self-confidence is as powerful as its own warmth,
And fascinating in the wit that often expresses it, it must be
Enough for Annie; but Mrs. Russell has a very different view..his
The moody temper and fearless spirit behave very differently to them
she was.She saw the increase in evil.It only added one
Dangerous to oneself.He is smart, he is wayward.Mrs. Russell on wit and any closeness
Reckless terror.She is opposed to this connection under any circumstances.This kind of opposition, as produced by these feelings, is something Annie can bear.
fighting.She is young and gentle, maybe it's possible
Withstood his father’s malice, no good words were softened.
Or look at her sister; but Mrs. Russell, what she has
Always love and rely on, can’t, with such a firm opinion,
With such a gentle attitude, it is futile to constantly advise her.She was convinced that the engagement was wrong: reckless,
Inappropriate, almost impossible to succeed, not worth it.But it is
Not just a selfish warning, she took action under this warning to end
Give it.If she didn’t think about the benefits of consulting him by herself, even more
Than her own, she is almost impossible to give him up.Existential belief
Prudent and self-denial, mainly for his benefit, is her main
Comfort, the last parting under the pain of parting; and every
Needs comfort, because she has to meet all the extra
The pain of opinion, by his side, total disbelief and perseverance, and
He felt that he was being used by such forced abandonment.He has
Ended up leaving this country.A few months have witnessed the beginning and end of their acquaintance;
But within a few months, Annie’s pain was over.she was
For a long time, attachment and regret have enveloped every enjoyment
Youth, flowers and spirit that died young have always been their eternal
influences.More than seven years have passed since this sad little history
Interest is coming to an end; time has softened a lot,
Maybe almost all the special attachment to him, but she’s too
Depends on time alone; no assistance to change location is provided
(Unless visiting Bath shortly after the rupture), or any novelty
Or the expansion of society.No one has ever entered Kelich
Round, who can stand to compare with Frederick Wentworth because he
Standing in her memory.There is no second attachment, only thoroughness
In her lifetime, natural, happy, and fully healed
Maybe because of her good mood, her picky taste,
In the small area of ​​the society around them.She used to
When I was about two or twenty years old, I was asked to change my name by the young man
Man, she soon discovered a more willing heart when she was young
Sister; Mrs. Russell regrets her refusal; Charles Musgrove
Is the eldest son of a man, his estate and general
The importance is second in that country, second only to Sir Walter, and
Good character and appearance; however Mrs. Russell may have
And ask for more things, when Annie is 19, she will
It’s nice to see her leave so gracefully at the age of 22.
The prejudice and injustice in her father’s family were resolved in this way
Always close to herself.But in this case, Annie left nothing
Suggest to do it; although Mrs. Russell is satisfied with her as always
Her own judgment, never want to revoke the past, she now has
Anxiety about Annie being tempted by some people and feeling desperate
Talented and independent person enters the state she insists on
She is especially suitable for her warm feelings and family habits.They don’t know each other’s opinions, whether they are constant or changing,
On a major point in Annie’s behavior, because this theme has never
Mentioned; but Annie thought very differently when she was seven or twenty
From her thoughts when she was nineteen.She didn't blame
Mrs. Russell, she did not blame herself for being led by her;
But she feels that any young person, in a similar situation,
Apply to her for a lawyer, they will never get any such confirmation
The misery in front of us, such an uncertain future is beautiful.She was persuaded
In every unfavorable condition at home, every
The anxiety brought about by his career, all their possible fears, delays and
Disappointed, she should be a happier woman
Keep the engagement, instead of sacrificing it;
And this, she fully believes, has the usual share, even more than
The usual share of all these concerns and suspense is theirs,
Does not refer to the actual results of their case because it
Happened, could have brought prosperity earlier than possible
Reasonable calculation.All his optimistic expectations, all his
Confidence makes sense.His genius and enthusiasm seems
Foreseeing and directing his path to prosperity.He has, shortly after
They stopped their engagement and got a job: everything he told her will be
Follow, has happened.He excels in his early years
Gained another level of status, and now must pass continuous capture,
Made a fortune.She only has navy lists and newspapers
For her authority, but she cannot doubt his wealth; and, in
Like his persistence, she has no reason to believe that he is married.How eloquent is Anne Elliot's eloquence! At least how eloquent
Her desire for warm nostalgia in her early years, and a cheerful
Confidence in the future, opposed to cautiousness that seems too anxious
Insult hard work and distrust Providence! She was forced to enter
Prudent when she was young, as she grew older, she learned romance:
The natural sequel that started unnaturally.In all these situations, memories and feelings, she couldn’t
I heard that Captain Wentworth’s sister may live in Kelich
There is no resurrection from the agony; many walks, many sighs,
It is necessary to dispel the excitement of this idea.She often said
It was stupid until she was strong enough
Feel the ongoing discussions between Croft and their business did not
evil.However, this perfect indifference and
Obviously unconscious, among her three friends
The secret of the past, which seems to almost deny any memories
it.She can be fair to the superiority of Mrs. Russell's motivation
At this point, surpassed those of her father and Elizabeth; she can respect everyone
She feels more calm; but the general atmosphere of forgetfulness
Judging from anything it produces, it’s very important; and in
Admiral Croft really occupied Kelich Hall, and she was happy again
For her most grateful belief ever,
In the past, only the three people in her relationship knew, no
Syllables, she believed, would be spoken softly, and believed
Among his brothers, only the brother he has been living with,
Receive any information about their brief contacts.That brother
Long far away from the country, he is a sensible person, and,
Besides, she was still single at the time, so she was reluctant to give up
Humans have heard from him.My sister, Mrs. Croft, had left England at the time and was with her
The husband was on a foreign radio station, and her own sister Mary was on
School, and all this happened; never recognized by some people’s pride,
And the deliciousness of others, the smallest understanding of it afterwards.With this support, she hopes that the acquaintance between herself
And the Croft family, still living in Kelich with Mrs. Russell,
It’s only three miles to be fixed with Mary, it must be expected, no need
Involve any special embarrassment.chapter Five


On the morning of the appointment of Admiral and Mrs. Croft meeting with Kelich
Hall, Annie finds it's most natural for her to walk to the lady almost every day
Russell’s, don’t get in the way until everything is over; when she finds
The most natural regret is that I missed the opportunity to meet
they.The meeting between the two parties was very satisfying and decided
Complete the entire business at once.Every lady was treated well before
An agreement, so nothing is seen, but in
Other; Regarding gentlemen, there is such a heartfelt good
Humor, so open in the admiral, trusting generosity, as
Had to influence Sir Walter, he was not only flattered
Mr. Shepard's guarantee is his best and most elegant behavior
According to reports, he was called a model of kindness by the admiral.
breeding.The house, grounds, and furniture are all approved, and the Crofts
Approval, terms, time, everything, every body, is correct; and Mr.
The shepherd’s clerk started to work, no one
Modify all "preliminary differences shown in this contract."

Sir Walter did not hesitate to announce that the Admiral was
The most beautiful sailor he has ever seen, even said,
If his own man can fix his hair, he should
Don’t be ashamed to be seen with him anywhere; with the admiral, with
Sympathize with his wife when they drive back
Park, "I think we should reach an agreement soon, honey, although
They told us in Taunton.The Baron will never set the Thames
It’s on fire, but he doesn’t seem to do any harm." - reciprocal
Compliments, would have received equal respect.Crofts will own the ball in Michaelmas. Same as Sir Walter
Proposed to move to Bath in the course of last month, where
No time wasted on making every dependent arrangement.Mrs. Russell firmly believes that Annie will not be allowed to be anyone
Use, or any importance, in the house they choose
To go to the security, I was not reconciled to her leaving in a hurry,
And want her to stay until she can
Send her to Bath personally after Christmas; but there is an engagement
Her own, must take her away from Kelich for a few weeks, she is
She couldn’t issue the complete invitation she wanted, and Annie was scared
The possible September heat in all the white glare in Bath, and
Sadly giving up all the influences so sweet and sad
Qiuyue was in the country, but I didn’t expect everything
Considering that she wants to stay.This will be the most correct and the most
Wise, so the pain of walking with others must be minimized.However, something happened that gave her different responsibilities.Mary, often
A little uncomfortable, always thinking about her own things
Complaining, and always used to ask Annie when something happens
This incident, physical discomfort; and foreseen that she should not have a
The health of the whole autumn day, pleading, or rather, need her because it
There was almost no pleading, came to Uppercross Cottage and took her
As long as she needs her company instead of going to Bath."I can't live without Annie," this was Mary's reasoning. with
Elizabeth’s answer was: “Then I’m sure Annie’s best to stay, because no one
Would want her in Bath."

Claim to be a good thing, even though the style is incorrect, at least
It's better than being rejected for nothing; and Annie, very happy
Thought of some usefulness, I am happy to mark anything as a duty, and
Of course I don’t regret having such a scene in China, and her own
Dear country, gladly agree to stay.Mary’s invitation removed all the difficulties of Mrs. Russell,
So it was quickly determined that Annie should not go to Bath until
Mrs. Russell took her away, all the intervention time should be
Divided into Uppercross Cottage and Kellynch Lodge.So far, everything is completely correct; but Mrs. Russell was almost taken aback.
Part of the Kelich Hall plan was wrong, when it suddenly appeared on her,
In other words, Mrs. Clay is engaged and is going to Bath with Sir Walter.
Elizabeth, as the latter’s most important and valuable assistant
Everything before her.Mrs. Russell is very sorry
It is absolutely necessary to take such measures, surprised, sad,
And fear; and its insult to Annie, in the presence of Mrs. Clay
So many uses, although Annie may be useless, but very painful
Aggravate.Annie herself has become stubborn at such insults; but she feels
The indiscretion of the arrangement is as sharp as Mrs. Russell.Use one
A lot of quiet observation and knowledge, she often
Don’t want her father’s character, she is a wise result
The most serious to family members come from close ones
possible.She didn't expect her father to have this idea now
Kind.Mrs. Clay has freckles, a protruding tooth, and a
Clumsy wrist, he kept making harsh comments on it, in
Her absence; but she is very young and of course very beautiful,
And possess it with a keen mind and an assiduous way of pleasing,
An attractiveness that is more dangerous than any mere personal power
already.Their level of danger impressed Annie so much that
She can't forgive herself for trying to make her aware
sister.She has little hope of success. But Elizabeth, who is
It's even more regrettable that such a reversal happened
Herself, she thought, there should never be a reason to blame her
No warning.She only seemed to offend.Elizabeth can't imagine how
She had such absurd suspicion and answered angrily
Because each party fully understands their own situation."Mrs. Clay," she said enthusiastically, "never forget who she is; just like me
Know her emotions better than you, I can
I assure you that when it comes to marriage, they are particularly
Very good, and she condemned all conditions for inequality and ranking more
Stronger than most.As for my father, I really shouldn’t
I thought he had kept himself single for so long for us
In order, now need to doubt.If Mrs. Clay was a very beautiful woman,
I admit that it might be wrong to let her be with me; not that
I’m sure that anything in the world will prompt my father to do
Degrading game, but he may be unhappy.But poor Mrs. Clay
With all her strengths, it can never be considered tolerable
Beautiful, I really think poor Mrs. Clay might stay here perfectly
Safety.People will imagine you never heard my father mention her
Personal misfortune, although I know you have to be fifty times.That tooth
Her and those freckles.Freckles won't make me so disgusted
Just like they did to him.I know that a face has not been severely disfigured by one person
Rarely, but he hates them.You must have heard that he noticed Mrs. Clay
freckle."

"There are hardly any personal flaws," Annie replied, "This is a
Pleasant ways may not gradually reconcile."

"My thoughts are very different," Elizabeth replied briefly. "A delightful
Demeanor can bring out a handsome face, but it can never change a plain face.However, anyway, because I have more stakes in this area
Point more than anyone can have, I think it is unnecessary for you
Give me advice."

Annie did it; I'm glad it's over, not hopeless
well done.Although Elizabeth is dissatisfied with this suspicion, she may
Get its attention.The last office of the four carriages is to paint Sir Walter,
Miss Elliott and Mrs. Clay go to Bath.The party is going well
Spirit; Sir Walter prepared to welcome all with a condescending bow
Suffering tenants and farmers, they may have hints
They themselves, Anne came forward at the same time, with a desolation
Tranquility, to the hut, where she will spend the first week.Her friend's spirit is not better than her.Mrs. Russell thinks
The breakdown of this family is too serious.Their respect is
To her, it’s like her own baby. Every day’s contacts become precious.
habit.It’s painful to watch their deserted land, but still
Worse, they are expected to fall into new hands; and escape
So changed the loneliness and melancholy of a village, and then went out
When the Admiral and Mrs. Croft first arrived, she had already determined
When she had to give up Annie, she started letting her leave home by herself.Therefore, they moved together and Annie was placed in
Uppercross Cottage, in the first stage of Mrs. Russell’s journey.Uppercross is a medium-sized village, a few years ago
It's completely old English style, with only two houses
Outwardly superior to self-cultivating farmers and laborers; this
The mansion of the squire, with high walls, big gates and old trees,
Rugged but not modern, and compact and compact parsonage,
Enclosed in his tidy garden, planted with vines and pear trees
The window sashes surrounding it; but after the young squire got married,
Accepted the improvement to upgrade the farmhouse to the cottage because
His residence, and Uppercross Cottage and its balcony, France
Windows and other beautiful things are likely to be caught
The traveler’s eyes as a more consistent and important aspect and
The house of the big house, about a quarter of a mile away.Annie often lives here.The way she knows Uppercross is
And those of Kelich.Two families just keep going
Meeting, so many habits, in and out of each other
Stayed at home all day and found that Mary was a surprise to her
Alone; but alone, her discomfort and lack of energy are almost
Of course.Although more talented than her sister, Mary
Without Annie's understanding and temperament.Although it's good, very happy, and
Taking care of her properly, she has a good sense of humor and excellent spirit;
But any discomfort made her completely sink.She has no resources
Lonely; and inherited a large part of Elliot
Self-importance can easily increase all other pains,
Fantasize about being ignored and abused.Personally, she is not as good as
The sisters, even when she was in full bloom, only reached
Be a "good girl."She is lying on the beautiful faded sofa now.
Small living room, once elegant furniture has been
Gradually worn out, under the influence of four summers and two summers
Children; and when Annie shows up, say hello to her—

"So, you are finally here! I start to think I should never see you.I
So sick that i can hardly speak.I haven't seen the whole creature
in the morning! "

"I'm sorry to find that you are unwell," Annie replied."You sent me such a
Show yourself well on Thursday! "

"Yes, I did my best; I always do this: but I'm far from good
At the time; I thought I had never been so sick in my life
Throughout the morning: very unsuitable for being alone, I'm sure.Suppose I was caught suddenly in some terrible way, instead of
Able to ring the bell! So, Mrs. Russell will not go out.I do not
Think she has lived in this house three times this summer."

Annie said what was right and asked her husband."Oh!
Charles is out shooting.I haven't seen him since seven o'clock.he
Will go, although I told him I was sick.He said he shouldn't stay
Grow out; but he never came back, now is almost a.I
Assure you, I haven't seen the soul all morning."

"Have you taken your little boy?"

"Yes, as long as I can bear their noise; but they are so hard to control
They do more harm than good to me.Little Charles doesn't mind
What I said, Walter’s growth was just as bad."

"Well, you will get better soon," Annie replied happily."you
Knowing that I will always heal you when I come.Your neighbor is
Mansion? "

"I can't tell you their situation.I haven't seen one of them
Today, except for Mr. Musgrove, he just stopped and passed
Window, but did not dismount; although I told him how
I'm sick, no one is near me.It didn't happen
I want to be suitable for Miss Musgroves, and they never give up on themselves
Their way."

"Maybe you will see them before the morning passes.this is
Early."

"I never wanted them, I promise you.They also talked and laughed
it's very important to me.Oh! Annie, I'm so uncomfortable! It's very unfriendly
You don't come on thursday."

"My dear Mary, remember what a comfortable narrative you sent me
yourself! You write in the most pleasant way and say you are
Well, it’s not in a hurry for me; in that case, you
I must know that my wish is to stay with Mrs. Russell
Finally: In addition to my feelings for her, I am really
Busy, there are a lot of things to do, I can’t easily
Leave Kelich early."

"Oh my God! What can you do?"

"Many things, I promise you.More than i can remember
A moment; but I can tell you something.I keep copying
Catalogue of my father's books and pictures.I have been several times
In the garden with MacKenzie, trying to understand and make him
I understand, which plants of Elizabeth are for Mrs. Russell.I have got
I have my own little things to arrange, books and music to be separated,
And all my suitcases need to be repacked because I didn’t know anything in time
It’s for the van: There’s one more thing I have to do, Mary,
More challenging nature: almost every house in the parish, because
A kind of vacation.Someone told me they want it.But all these
Things took a lot of time."

"Well then!" After a short pause, "but you never asked me
A word about our dinner at Pooles yesterday."

"Then did you go? I didn't ask you because I summarized you
Must be forced to give up the party."

"Oh yes! I went.I was fine yesterday; it doesn't matter
Stay with me till this morning.It would be weird if I didn't
gone."

"I'm glad you are in good health, I hope you have a good time
Party."

"Nothing great.People always know in advance what they will eat for dinner
Yes, who will be there; none of them are very uncomfortable
Own transportation.Mr. and Mrs. Musgrove take me there, we are so
squeeze! They are very large and take up a lot of space; and Mr.
Musgrove always sits in front.So, with me, squeeze behind
Sitting with Henrietta and Luisa; I think it’s very likely mine
Today’s illness may be because of it."

Hold on a little more patience and force happiness
Annie's side almost cured Mary's.She can sit down soon
Stood upright on the sofa, and began to hope she could be
dinner time.Then, forgot, she was on the other end
The room, beautify a bouquet; then, she ate her cold meat; and
Then she can propose to take a walk."Where should we go?" she said, when they were ready."I guess you
Don't like to visit the big house before they have been
you? "

"I have no objection to this," Annie replied.."I
Never think about standing in a ceremony like this with someone I know
And Mrs. and Miss Musgroves."

"Oh! But they should summon you as soon as possible.They should
Feel your responsibility as my sister.However, we might as well go
Sit with them for a while, when we are over, we can
Enjoy our walk."

Annie has always thought this way of communication is very frivolous.
But she no longer tried to check it, because she believed,
Although each party has constant offenses, neither party has
Family members can live without it now.Accordingly, they went to the big house
Go, sit in the old square living room for half an hour,
Small carpet and shiny floor, now the daughters
Part of the house gradually gave a chaotic atmosphere
Grand piano and harp, flower stand and small table
Every direction.Oh! Is the original portrait compatible with
Siding, gentlemen in brown velvet and ladies in blue, are you okay?
Satin has seen what happened and has realized this
Overthrow all order and cleanliness! The portrait itself seems
stunned.The Musgrove family, like their house, is in a state of change,
Maybe there is improvement.Father and mother speak Old English
Style, and young people in the new era.Mr. and Mrs. Musgrove are
Very nice people; friendly and hospitable without much education,
Not elegant at all.Their children have more modern ideas and
etiquette.There are many families; but only two have grown up,
In addition to Charles, there are Henrietta and Louisa, they are nineteen-year-old young ladies
Twenty more, they brought all the usual stocks from the school in Exeter
Achievement, now like thousands of other young ladies,
Life is fashionable, happy, happy.Their clothes every
Advantages, their faces are more beautiful and their spirits are very good
Well, their behavior is not awkward and pleasant; they are important
Favorites at home and abroad.Annie always treats them as someone
The happiest creature she knows; but still preserved like us
Everything comes from some kind of comfortable superiority obtained from hope
The possibility of exchange, she will not give up more of her own
The elegant and educated mind enjoys everything about them; and envy them
It’s just the kind of seemingly perfect understanding and agreement
Together, the kind of humor she already knew
She and any of her sisters have so few.They received a warm welcome.Nothing seems wrong
The big house family side, generally speaking, it’s nice to be Annie
Know, the least to be blamed.I was chatted happily for half an hour
Enough; in the end she wasn't surprised at all
Miss Musgroves attended their walking party, at Mary's
Special invitation.Chapter Six


Annie does not want to visit Upper Cross this time to learn about the relocation
From one group of people to another group, although there are only three people away
Miles, usually including conversations, opinions, and
idea.She had never stayed there before and was not moved
It, or don’t want other Elliotts in
See how unknown or unconsidered what happened there
Kelich Hall is regarded as this kind of universal propaganda and ubiquitous
Interest; however, with all these experiences, she believes she must now
Submit another lesson of feeling, in understanding our own art
Nothingness outside of our own circle became necessary for her; for
Of course, come like her, and my heart is full of this theme
Has completely occupied the two houses in Kelich for several weeks,
She thought that there would be more curiosity and compassion, rather than she was
Separate but very similar comments from the Musgroves: "So, Miss
Anne, Sir Walter and your sister are gone; where are you in Bath
Do you think they will settle down? "And this, there is no need to wait too much
Answer; or in the young lady’s addition, “I hope we can
Take a bath in winter; but remember, dad, if we do go, we must be in
Good situation: Your Queen's Square is not suitable for us! "Or in anxiety
Mary’s supplement comes from--"According to my words, I will be rich,
When you all leave to go to Bath and be happy! "

She can only make up her mind to avoid such self-deception in the future, think about it
Thank you very much for having an extraordinary blessing
A truly compassionate friend like Mrs. Russell.Mr. Musgroves has their own game to defend and destroy their own game
Horses, dogs and newspapers to attract them, females are completely
Do all other common housekeeping, neighbors,
Costume, dance and music.She admits that it is appropriate,
Every small social community should decide its own affairs
Words; and hope to become an unworthy member soon
She is now transplanted to.With the prospect of consumption
She is responsible for at least two months in Uppercross
Put her imagination, her memory and all her thoughts in as many
Cross as much as possible.She was fearless in these two months.Mary is not that disgusting, and
As cold and ruthless as Elizabeth, and unaffected by her;
There is nothing in the other components
The cabin is not conducive to comfort.She always maintains a friendly relationship with her
Brother-in-law; and the children who love her almost the same,
Respect her more than their mother, she has an object
Interest, entertainment, and wholesome endeavor.Charles Musgrove is polite and easy-going; in terms of reason and temper, he is
Undoubtedly superior to his wife, but not power or talk,
Or grace to make the past because they are connected together completely
Dangerous contemplation; but at the same time, Annie can believe,
With Mrs. Russell, a more equal game could be greatly improved
Him; a woman who truly understands might give more
On his character, and more usefulness, rationality and
Elegant to his habit and pursuit.In fact, he did nothing
Enthusiasm, but exercise; otherwise his time will be wasted, no
Benefit from books or anything else.He is in good spirits, this
Never seemed to be affected by his wife’s occasional downturn, tired of
Her unreasonable troublesome sometimes made Annie admire
Overall, although there is often a little disagreement (she
Sometimes more than she hoped, called by both sides
Party), they might be considered a happy couple.They always
Completely agree to want more money and have a strong tendency
An exquisite gift for his father; but here, like most topics, he
Has an advantage, because although Mary thinks such a thing is a great shame
The gift is not made, he always quarrels about his father's possession
There are many other uses for his money, and the right to spend it as he pleases.As for the management of children, his theory is more
His wife’s, he’s doing pretty well."I can manage them well
Well, if it’s not because of Mary’s interference, "this is what Anne often said
Listening to what he said, I believed it very much; but when I listened
Turning to Mary’s reproach "Charles spoiled the child so much that I
They can’t be arranged in any order," she was never the least tempted
Say, "very real."

One of the most unpleasant situations of her living there is that she
Over-trusted and over-confident by all parties
There are many secrets hidden in the complaints of every household.Some known
The impact on her sister, she is constantly being asked, or at least
Accepting the prompt to apply it is beyond practicable."I hope you
You can persuade Mary not to always fantasize about being sick."
Charles’ language; and, with an unhappy mood, Mary said: “I’m willing to
I believe that if Charles saw me die, he wouldn’t think there was
What's the matter with me.I’m sure, Annie, if you want, you might
Convince him that I am really sick-much worse than ever
my own."

Mary’s declaration was, “I hate sending children to great
House, although their grandma always wants to see them because she
Humor and indulge them to this degree and give them so much
Garbage and sweet things, they will definitely get sick and cross
Remaining time."And Mrs. Musgrove took the first opportunity
Be alone with Annie and say, "Oh! Miss Annie, I can’t help but hope
Mrs. Charles has some of your methods for those children.they are
A completely different creature from you! But what is certain is that in general, they
Spoiled! I'm sorry you can't let your sister get in the way
Manage them.They are good children who are as healthy as ever,
Poor little babies! Unbiased; but Mrs. Charles knows nothing
How should they treat——! Bless me (religion! How troublesome they are
sometimes.I assure you, Miss Anne, it makes me not want to see them
Often in our house, otherwise I should.I believe Mrs. Charles is
I’m not very satisfied with the fact that I don’t invite them often; but you know it’s
There is a child who must be checked, which is terrible
Every moment; "don't do this" and "don't do that"; or that can
Only by comparing cakes that are good for them to maintain a tolerable order."

Besides, she also received a letter from Mary."Mrs. Musgrove thinks
All her servants are so steady, it would be treason to call it in.
Question; but I’m not exaggerating to say that her vamp
Maid and laundry maid, not in their business,
Chatting in the village all day.Wherever I go, I will meet them;
I declare that I have never entered my nursery twice without seeing it
Some of them.If Jemima is not the most reliable and stable
The creatures in the world are enough to spoil her; because she told
I, they always tempted her to walk with them."And on Madam
Musgrove’s position is, “I have set a rule and never interfere with any
My daughter-in-law’s concerns, because I know it’s impossible; but I will
Tell you, Miss Anne, because you might be able to get things right,
My evaluation of Mrs. Charles’ nanny is not very good: I heard
Her strange story; she is always happy; and my own
Knowledge, I can declare that she is a well-dressed lady, she is
Enough to destroy any servants she approached.Mrs. Charles swears very much
Through her, I know; but I just give you this tip, you may be
Watch; because if you see anything wrong, you don’t have to be afraid
Mention it."

Again, this is Mary’s complaint, and it’s easy for Mrs. Musgrove to not
When they dine in a great restaurant, give her the priority she deserves
Live with other families; she sees no reason
Was thought to have lost her place at home.One day
When Annie was only walking with the Musgroves, one of them was
Speaking of rank, rank people, rank jealousy, say, "I don’t have
Observe you with concern, how ridiculous some people are
Their location, because the whole world knows how relaxed and indifferent you are
It’s about it; but I hope someone can give Mary a hint
It would be much better if she was not so tenacious, especially if
She won't always come forward to replace her mother.No one doubts that she has the priority right of her mother, but this will be
More suitable for her than always insisting.It's not like this
Mom is the least concerned about it in the world, but I know it was taken away
Multi-person notification."

How does Anne classify all these things as rights? She can do nothing
Not just listen patiently, alleviate every dissatisfaction, and forgive everyone
The other; give them all the necessary hints of patience
Neighbors so close and make those hints the most extensive
For the benefit of sister.In all other respects, her visit started and went very well.she was
My spirit has been improved due to changes in location and theme, and has been removed
Three miles from Kelich; Mary's illness has alleviated
Constant companionship, and their daily interactions with other families,
Because there is no superior relationship, no confidence, no employment
In the hut, being interrupted by it is an advantage.it
Must be carried as far as possible, because they met every
In the morning, a night is almost never broken up; but she believes
Without the presence of Mr. and Mrs., they should not have done so well
The respectable form of Musgrove in the usual place, or not
Their daughter is talking and laughing.Her performance is much better than any of Miss Musgroves, but
No sound, no knowledge of the harp, no loving parents, sit
Yuwa fantasizes that she is very happy, her performance is rarely considered
Yes, just out of politeness, or to refresh others, because she’s nice
knew.She knew that when she played, she was just bringing happiness to others.
Herself; but it's not a new feeling.Except for a short time
Her life, she never, from the age of fourteen, never
Losing her dear mother, knowing the happiness of being heard, or
Encouraged by any fair appreciation or genuine taste.In terms of music, she has
Always used to feeling lonely in the world; and Mr. and Mrs. Musgrove’s
Prefer my daughter’s performance, always
Indifference to anyone gives her more fun
For their sake, not for her own humiliation.Big house parties are sometimes increased by other companies.The block is not big, but Musgroves was visited
Everyone, there are more dinners, more calls, more visitors
By invitation and by chance, more than any other family.They are more
Totally popular.The girls like dancing very much; the evening is over, occasionally,
In an unpredictable little ball.There is a family of cousins
In the less wealthy situation, walking on Cross, they rely on
Musgroves enjoy all their fun: they will come anytime,
And help play anywhere, or dance anywhere; and Annie, very
Prefer a musician’s office rather than a more active position, a country where you play
Dance for them hourly together; a kind of eternal goodwill
Recommended her musical ability to the Musgroves
The most important thing is to get this kind of compliment often;-"Good job,
Miss Anne! It's really well done! Please bless me! Why those little ones
Your fingers are flying around! "

Just like this for the first three weeks.Michael is here; now Annie's heart
Must be in Kelich again.A beloved home for others; all
Precious rooms and furniture, woods and prospects, began to own
Other eyes and other limbs! She can't think of more about
September 29; she feels this sympathy at night
From Mary, she had the opportunity to write down the day of the month,
Exclaimed: "My dear, isn't today the day when the Crofts are coming?
Kelich? I'm glad I didn't think about it before.How low is it
I! "

The Croft family occupied with true naval alertness
Visited.Mary regrets her necessity."No one knows how
How much she should suffer.She should postpone as much as possible;"
But it was not easy until she convinced Charles to drive her there
Early in the morning, and in a very active and comfortable state
Imaginary excitement, when she comes back.Annie is very sincere
Fortunately she has nowhere to go.However, she hopes
Saw Croft and was happy to be in it when I returned from the visit.Here they are: the owner is not at home, but two
The sisters were together; it happened that Mrs. Croft fell down
Annie’s share, while the Admiral sits next to Mary, makes himself very
His kind attention to her little boys pleases her, she is fine
Be able to find similarities, if she fails functionally,
Capture it in the sound, or in the transition of emotions and expressions.Mrs. Croft, although not tall or fat, she is upright and upright.
And form vitality, which makes her person very important.she has
Bright black eyes, neat teeth, and an amiable face; although
Her red and weather-beaten complexion is a consequence of her
Almost at sea like her husband, which makes her seem
Live a few years longer than her real 8th and 30th.Her behavior is open, relaxed, and decisive, just like a person without distrust
For herself, there is no doubt what to do; there is no way
However, rude, or any lack of humor.Annie gave her trust,
Indeed, out of a high regard for oneself, in short
This has something to do with Kelich, which makes her very happy: especially because she used to
Satisfied in the first half a minute, even
Introduction, the smallest symptom without any knowledge
Or suspect Mrs. Croft’s side and give any form of prejudice.She used to be
It’s easy on that head, so full of strength and courage,
Until she was stunned for a while by Mrs. Croft's sudden words,-

"I found out that it was you, not your sister, my brother had
Nice to meet him when he was in this country."

Annie hopes she can live the blushing age; but the emotional age
Of course she didn't."Maybe you haven't heard of him getting married?" added Mrs. Croft.She can now answer the way she should; and feel happy to be a lady
Croft’s next words explained that she was talking about Mr. Wentworth,
She didn't say anything that might not help any brother.she was
I immediately felt how reasonable Mrs. Croft should be
Thinking and talking about Edward, not Frederick; and ashamed
In her own forgetfulness, she applies herself to their knowledge
The current state of the former neighbor, with appropriate interest.The rest is calm; until, just as they move, she
I heard the admiral say to Mary--

"We look forward to Mrs. Croft's brother coming soon; I dare say you
Know his name."

He was interrupted by the little boy's eager attack and held on tightly.
He is like an old friend, announcing that he should not go; and too
Concentrated on the proposal to put them in the pocket of your coat,
&C., Have another time to finish or recall what he has
In the beginning, Annie could only persuade herself as much as possible,
There must be a problem with the same brother.But she can't,
Reach such a certain level so as not to rush to hear
Said anything on this issue in another house, where
Crofts had called.The people of the mansion will be in the night of this day
Cabin; it's too late now
Walking, the coach started to be listened, when
The youngest Miss Musgrove walked in.She came to apologize,
And they should have to spend a night on their own, which is
The first black thought; Mary is ready to be offended when Louisa
That’s right, she just walked and left more
Harp space, it brings a carriage."I will tell you our reason," she added, "and all about this.I'm
Come and let you know, both father and mother are insane
At night, especially Mom; she misses poor Richard so much!
We agree that it’s better to have a harp because it seems interesting
She is more than a piano strength.I will tell you why she is not here
Spirits.When the Crofts called this morning, (they called here
Later, didn't it? ), they happened to say that her brother,
Captain Wentworth, just returned to England, or paid off, or
Some things, and came to see them almost directly; and most
Unfortunately, when they left, it entered the mother's mind
Wentworth, or something like that, is the name of poor Richard
Captain once; I don’t know when and where, but a long time
Before he died, poor fellow! And looking at his letters and
Thing, she found that it was indeed the case, and was absolutely sure that it must be
It was the man, her head was full of it, and poor Richard!
So we must be as happy as possible, lest she indulge in
Such a spooky thing."

The truth of this sad family history is,
The Musgrove family unfortunately encountered a very troublesome person,
The hopeless son; and losing his luck before he arrives
Twenty years; he was sent to the sea because he was stupid
Unable to manage on shore; he is rarely taken care of at any time
His family’s time, although he deserves it; rarely heard
When the news of his death was learned, he had almost no regrets
Two years ago, foreign countries have come to Uppercross.In fact, even though his sisters are now doing their best
He, calling him "Poor Richard", is nothing but a
The cheeky, ruthless, unprofitable Dick Musgrove (Dick Musgrove), he has never done
Anything that gives him more power than his initials,
Dead or Alive.He has been sailing at sea for several years, and in the process
All trainees are responsible for the relocation, especially this
The trainee that every captain wants to get rid of, it’s been six months.
Board the frigate Laconia of Captain Frederick Wentworth; and from
Under the influence of his captain, the Laconia he owns wrote the only
Two letters his parents received from him
Throughout his absence; that is, only two
Selfless letters; the rest are just applications
money.In every letter, he praised his captain; but so little
Do they have the habit of dealing with these things so carelessly and
They are curious about the names of people or ships,
There was hardly any impression at the time; Mrs. Musgrove should have
On this day, I suddenly remembered that name
Wentworth's relationship with her son seems to be one of those extraordinary people
Restlessness that sometimes happens.She flipped through her letter and found that everything was as she thought. with
Rereading these letters, after so long, her poor son
Disappeared forever, all his shortcomings have been forgotten, already
Greatly affected her spirit and plunged her into greater grief
He knew more than she knew when she first heard of his death.Mr. Musgrove is,
To a lesser extent, they are also affected; when they arrive
The cabin, they obviously want, first of all, to be re-listened
On this issue, and afterwards, all the pleasant relief
Companions can give them.Hear them talking about Captain Wentworth, repeating his name
So often, the past few years have been puzzling, and finally determined it
Maybe, maybe, it turned out to be the same captain
They recalled after Wentworth met them once or twice
Back from Clifton-a very good young man-but they can't say
Whether it was seven or eight years ago, it was a new attempt
Annie's Nerves.However, she found this was something she had to face
Adapt yourself.Since he is expected in the country, she must
Teach yourself to be insensitive at these points.And not only did it
It seems that he was expected, and soon, but Musgroves, in their
Warm thanks to him for his kindness to poor Dick, and very high
Respect his character, because poor Dick has been branded
Under his care for six months and mentioned him strongly, although not
Perfectly spelled compliment, as "a beautiful and handsome person, there are only two
Pay special attention to the principal," Yixin wanted to introduce
Themselves and seek his acquaintances once they hear
His arrival.The determination to do this helps to form their comfort at night.Chapter VII


In a few days, Captain Wentworth will be there
Mr. Kelich and Mr. Musgrove visited him, and in his
Praised, he was engaged to the Croft family, dine at Upper Cross, by
Another week is over.Mr. is so disappointed
Musgrove found that there was no earlier day to repair, so he was impatient
He expressed his gratitude by seeing Captain Wentworth by his own side
Roof and welcome him to his strongest and best in everything
cellar.But a week must pass; only one week, in Annie’s calculations,
Then she thought, they must meet; soon she began to hope she
Feel safe even for a week.Captain Wentworth regained the courtesy of Mr. Musgrove very early,
She called there almost within an hour and a half.She and mary
Is actually going to the big house, where, as she
Afterwards, they learned that they must have found him when they
Stopped by the presence of the big boy at that moment
The consequences of a serious fall.The child's situation to visit
Put it aside completely; but she indifferently couldn't hear the news of her escape,
Even in the severe anxiety they later felt
His account.His collarbone was found to be dislocated, this kind of injury is
The back, because it aroused the most shocking thoughts.This is an afternoon
In distress, Annie has something to do immediately; the pharmacist
Sent, father pursues and informs, mother goes
Support and stay away from hysteria, servant control, the youngest
The child must be exiled, and the poor sufferer must be taken care of and comforted;
In addition to sending, as soon as she remembers, give an appropriate notification to
Another house brought her inheritance instead of fear,
Ask a companion, not a very useful assistant.The return of her brother is the first comfort; he can take care of it best
His wife; the second blessing is the arrival of the pharmacist.Until he came to examine the children, their worries were
What's worse is ambiguity; they suspect that they have been seriously injured, but they don't know where;
But now the collarbone is quickly replaced, although Mr. Robinson feels
Touched, wiped, with a serious expression, and said deep words to the two people.
Father and aunt, they still hope everything goes well and become
Be able to separate and eat dinner comfortably; then
Just before they broke up, these two young aunts were able to
Stay away from their nephew's status to provide their information
Captain Wentworth visits; follow their father for five minutes
Mother, try to express how happy they are
He, how handsome and pleasant, they think he
Than any of their male acquaintances
Previous favorite.They are so happy to hear that dad invited him to go
Leave dinner, how sorry he was when he said it was completely beyond his ability, and
How happy he was when he promised to reply to his parents
More urgent invitation to have dinner with them
Tomorrow-actually tomorrow; he is in such a happy promise
Way, as if he felt all the motives of their attention, just like him
should.In short, he looked at and said everything with this look
Exquisite elegance, they can assure them that their heads are
Turned over by him; they ran away, filled with the joy of love,
Apparently more full of Captain Wentworth than Charles Jr..The same story and the same ecstasy keep repeating, when two girls
Walk through the evening haze with their father,
Inquiry; and Mr. Musgrove, no longer because of
His heirs, you can add his affirmation and praise, and hope to have
There is no reason for Captain Wentworth to step down, but just sorry
I think the cottage party may not want to leave
Little boy, give him a meeting."Oh no; as for leaving the little
Boy," both father and mother are in too strong and recent alarms
Bear the thought; and Annie, in the joy of escaping, can’t help
Plus her enthusiastic protest.In fact, Charles Musgrove later showed more tendencies. "This
The child is doing well and he very much hopes to be introduced to
Captain Wentworth, maybe he will join them at night; he
Won’t eat at home, but he might walk in for half an hour." but
In this regard, his wife strongly objected, "Oh! No, indeed,
Charles, I can't bear to let you go.Just think if there is something
Should happen? "

The child had a great time at night and went well the next day.it
It must take time to determine that there is no harm to the patient
The spine; but Mr. Robinson found nothing to increase alertness, and Charles
As a result, Musgrove began to feel that it was no longer needed
Confinement.The child will be locked in the bed and play quietly
It is possible; but what can father do? This is quite
Female case, this is very absurd to him, no one is
Use at home to shut yourself up.His father wanted him very much
Meet with Captain Wentworth, and there is not enough reason to object
It, he should go; and ended in his bold and public way
When he came back from the shooting, he declared that he meant to dress
Directly, and then dine at another."There is nothing better than a child," he said. "So I told me
Father, just now, I will come, he thinks I’m right.Sister by your side, my love, I have no scruples at all.you
I don’t want to leave him by myself, but I don’t think it’s useless..If anything happens, Annie will send someone to find me."

Couples generally understand when it is futile to oppose.From the way Charles speaks, Mary knows that he is very
It’s no use teasing him if you’re determined to go.she was
So he didn’t say anything until he walked out of the room, but
Only Annie can hear--

"So you and I can only change shifts by ourselves, this poor patient
Child; no creature approached us all night! I know how
This will be.This will always be my luck.If there is something
Unpleasant things happen, men can always get rid of it, and Charles
As bad as any of them.I don't feel it! I must say this is very
Have no feeling for him to run away from his poor little boy.talks
He is doing well! How does he know that he is doing well,
Or maybe there will be no sudden changes after half an hour? I do not have
Thought Charles would be so ruthless.So he is leaving here
Enjoy yourself, because I'm a poor mother, so I won't be
Stirring is allowed; however, I’m sure I’m more unhealthy than anyone
About the child.I am the mother is my reason
Feelings should not be tried.I am not equal to it at all.you saw it
I was so hysterical yesterday."

"But it's just the result of you suddenly calling the police-
Shock.You won't be hysterical anymore.I dare say we will have
Nothing makes us sad.I fully understand Mr. Robinson’s
Direction, no fear; indeed, Mary, I can’t doubt
Your husband.Nursing does not belong to a man; it is not his
province.The sick child is always the mother’s property: her own
It feels like this in general."

"I wish I love my child like any mother, but I don’t know
I’m more useful in the ward than Charles, because I can’t
Poor children always scold and tease when they are sick; you see,
This morning, if I told him to keep quiet, he would definitely start
Kick around.I'm not nervous about this kind of thing."

"But can you make yourself more comfortable and spend the entire
Leave that poor boy at night? "

"Yes; you think his father can, why can't I? Jemima is like that
Be careful; she can message us every hour how is he.I really
I think Charles might as well tell his father that we will all come.I
I’m not more worried about Charles now than he is.I was
I was terrified yesterday, but today’s situation is very different."

"Well, if you don’t think it’s too late to notify yourself,
Suppose you are going with your husband.Leaving Little Charles
take care of me.As long as I'm here, the Musgroves can't be wrong
with him."

"Are you serious?" Mary cried, her eyes lit up."Dear me! That is
A good idea, good, indeed.Of course, I can also
Go, because I'm useless at home-is it? It will only harass me.You without maternal love are the most suitable
people.You can ask little Charles to do anything; he always misses you
One sentence.It would be better than just leaving him
Jemima.Oh! I must go; if I can, I believe I should, like
Same as Charles, because they want me to be familiar with too much
Captain Wentworth, I know you don’t mind being alone..One
Indeed, your idea is great, Annie.I will tell Charles,
Then directly prepare.You can send it to us, you know, for a while
Please note that if there is any problem; but I dare say there will be nothing
warn you.I shouldn't go, you can be sure if i don't feel
Rest assured for my dear child."

The next moment, she knocked on the door of her husband's locker room,
When Annie followed her up the stairs, she understood the whole process in time
The conversation started with Mary’s words, with a good tone
Overjoyed-

"I mean to go with you, Charles, because I have no use at home
you are.If I want to keep myself close to my children forever, I should
Can't persuade him to do something he doesn't like.Annie Club
Stay; Annie promised to stay at home and take care of him.this is
Annie's own proposal, so I will go with you, it will be a good choice
The deal is better because I haven’t eaten at another restaurant since Tuesday."

"This is very kind Annie," her husband replied, "I should
I'm glad you are gone; but it should be difficult for her
Stay at home alone and take care of sick children."

Annie can start her own business now, her sincerity
The way was soon enough to convince him that in the place of conviction
At least very happy, he has no more worries about her leaving
Eat alone, even though he still wants her to eat with them at night,
When the child can rest at night, and kindly urge her
Asked him to pick her up, but she was very unconvincing; and this
That being the case, she was very happy to see them set off.
Happy together.They are gone, she hopes, is happy,
No matter how strange this happiness seems; as for herself,
Left her with as much comfort as possible, maybe, once
Probably hers.She knew she was the first utility
Child; if Frederick Wentworth was only half
Thousands of miles away, let yourself be good to others?

She would like to know how he feels about a meeting.Maybe
Indifference, if indifference can exist in this situation.he
Must be indifferent or unwilling.If he wants to see her
Again, he doesn’t have to wait until this time; what will he do
She had to believe that she should have been in his position for a long time
In the past, when things gave him independence very early
Always wanted.Her brother and sister came back with a new acquaintance, very happy,
And their overall visits.There is music, singing, talking,
Laugh, all of this is the most pleasant; the captain’s charming manners
Wentworth, not shy or reserved; they all seem to know
Perfect, he came to shoot the next morning
Charles.He is coming for breakfast, but not in the hut, although
Initially proposed; but then he was forced to come
Instead he went to the big house and he seemed afraid to enter the lady
Charles Musgrove’s approach takes children into consideration, therefore,
Somehow, they hardly knew what was going on, it turned out that Charles met him
Go to his father's house for breakfast.Annie got it.He wants to avoid seeing her.He asked
After her, she found that, slightly, because it might be suitable for the previous slight
An acquaintance seems to admit that she admits it,
May be out of the same point of avoiding introduction, when they
Want to meet.The morning in the hut is always later than the day time
In another house, the difference was too big the next day, Mary
When Charles came in, Annie just started eating breakfast
Said they just set off, he came to look for his dog,
His sisters followed Captain Wentworth; his sisters
Planning to visit Mary and the child, Captain Wentworth suggested
If it’s not convenient, wait a few minutes for her; although
Charles has already answered that the child is not in this state
Make it inconvenient, it would not be satisfied without Captain Wentworth
He continues to give notice.Mary is very satisfied with this attention and is very happy to receive
A thousand emotions flooded Annie's heart
The most gratifying thing is that it will end soon.It's over soon.in
Two minutes after Charles was ready, the others showed up; they were
In the living room.Half of her eyes met Captain Wentworth’s, one bow, one
Curtsy passed; she heard his voice; he talked to Mary and said all this
Yes, what was said to Miss Musgrove is enough to mark a simple
Stand up; the room seems full, people and voices everywhere, but there are a few
Minute is over.Charles appeared at the window, everything was ready,
Their guests bowed and left, and Miss Musgrove also left.
Suddenly made up his mind to go to the end with the village
Athlete: The room has been cleaned up, Annie may finish breakfast
Do her best."It's over! It's over!" She repeated to herself again and again, in
Nervous gratitude."The worst is over!"

Mary spoke, but she can't participate.She met him.they have
met.They are in the same room again.However, soon, she began to reason with herself and tried to feel
less.Eight years, almost eight years have passed, because everything has passed
give up.How absurd to resume such agitation
Interval has been banished to distance and blur! What might not
Eight years? Various descriptions, changes, and alienation events,
Removal-all, all must be contained in it, and the forgetting of the past-
How natural, how sure! It includes nearly a third of her
my own life.Alas! She found out that she used all her reasoning to keep the affection
Eight years may just be nothing.Now, how to interpret his emotions? Is this like hope
Avoid her? The next moment she hates her stupidity
Asked this question.On another issue, maybe her greatest wisdom might not
Was stopped, she soon had no suspense; because, after the young lady
Musgroves has returned and completed the visit to the cabin she owned
This spontaneous message from Mary:--

"Captain Wentworth is not very enthusiastic about you, Annie, although he is very
Care about me.Henrietta asked him what he thought of you when they
Walking away, he said, "You changed, he shouldn't know
you again.'"

Mary has no feelings for her to respect her sister in the usual way,
But she has no doubt that she has caused any special
wound."Changed the scope of his knowledge."Annie surrendered completely, in silence, deep
humiliation.There is no doubt that she cannot retaliate because
He hasn’t changed, or hasn’t gotten worse.She has admitted
She can’t think differently about herself, let him think about it
She is like him.No: ruined her youth
Bloom just gave him a more luminous, masculine, and more open look, without
Respect reduces his personal advantage.She has seen the same
Frederick Wentworth."The change is so great, he shouldn't know her anymore!" these words
Had to live with her.But she soon began to rejoice
She has heard of.They have a thought-provoking tendency; they lessen
Churn; they are composed and therefore must make her happier.Frederick Wentworth used such words, or similar words, but
I don't know they will be brought to her.He has
Thought her sad change, and at the first moment of appeal,
According to his feelings.He did not forgive Anne Elliott.She used him
Sick, abandoned, let him down; to make matters worse, she also showed a
The character who does this is weak, it is his own decision, and he is confident
Unbearable temper.She gave him up to help others.it
Is the result of over-persuasion.It used to be weak and
timid.He has the deepest attachment to her and has never seen a woman
He thinks she is equal to whom; but, except for some natural
Feeling curious, he doesn't want to see her again.she was
His power is gone forever.Now his goal is to get married.He is rich and he was opened
On the shore, I fully intend to settle down as soon as possible
Be tempted; actually look around, ready to fall in love with all
A clear mind and a quick taste can allow the speed.He has a heart
For any one of Miss Musgroves, if they can grasp it; a heart, in
In short, for any pleasant young woman who hinders him, except Anne
Eliot.This is his only secret exception, when he
Sister, when answering her hypothesis:--

"Yes, I am here, Sophia, ready for a stupid game.anyone
Between fifteen and thirty can let me ask.A little bit of beauty,
And some smiles, some compliments to the navy, I'm lost
man.Is this not enough for a sailor who has no society?
Let him be nice among women? "

He said she knew it was contradictory.Speak with his bright proud eyes
Believe that he is good; Anne Elliot has not left him
Thoughts, when he describes more seriously the woman he should hope for
Meet with."Strong mind, gentle manner," was the first
And the final description."This is the woman I want," he said."I am a little inferior
Of course you have to bear it, but not too much.If I were a fool,
I would really be a fool, because I don’t stop thinking about this problem
Most men."



chapter eight


Since then, Captain Wentworth and Annie Elliott have repeatedly appeared in
Same circle.They soon dine together in Mr.'s restaurant
Musgrove, because of the boy’s condition, he can no longer support his aunt
Pretend to be absent; and this is just the beginning
Other catering and other meetings.Do you want to restore your previous relationship must be brought to
Proof; no doubt, the past must be reminiscent of
Each; they had to be restored; the year they got engaged
Can’t help but name it, in a little narrative or description
Which conversation caused.His profession qualified him, his
Character makes him talk; "That was in the sixth year;" "That
It happened before I went to sea in the sixth grade," it happened in the course
The first night they spent together: Although his voice didn’t
Hesitate, although she has no reason to think his eyes are wandering
When he spoke, Annie felt completely impossible for her, from her
Knowing his thoughts, he can not be accessed by any memory
More than herself.Must have the same direct association
Thinking, although she was far from expecting that it would bring the same pain.They didn’t talk together, didn’t associate, but
Need the most ordinary civilization.Once so each other! Nothing now!
There was a time, now all the big gatherings are filled
Uppercross’s living room, they will find the most difficult
Stop talking to each other.Except the admiral
Mrs. Croft seems to be particularly attached and happy, (Annie can
No other exceptions are allowed, even among married couples), it’s okay
Never have two hearts been so open, no taste so similar, no feeling so open
Unanimously, not so loving face.Now they are like strangers;
No, worse than strangers, because they will never know each other.it
Is forever estranged.When he spoke, she heard the same voice and saw the same heart.Throughout the war, people knew nothing about all naval affairs.
Party; he was questioned a lot, especially the two young ladies
Musgroves, apart from him, seems to have almost no eyes. As for
Lifestyle, daily rules, food, time, etc. on board., with
They were surprised by his narrative, and their adaptability to understanding
And feasible arrangements, and got some pleasant things from him
Laughed, it reminded Annie that she had
Ignorance, she was also accused of assuming that the sailor was
Live on the boat without anything to eat, or any chef to dress it up, if
Yes, or wait for any servant, or use any knife and fork.After hearing this, she was awakened by her wife's whisper.
Musgrove was overwhelmed by deep regret and couldn't help but say--

"Ah! Miss Anne, if God is willing to let go of my poor son, I dare
Said he is already another person at this time."

Annie held back a smile and listened kindly, while Mrs. Musgrove
Let her breathe a sigh of relief; therefore, within a few minutes,
Can't keep up with other people's conversations.When she can let her attention go with the flow again, she
It was discovered that Miss Musgroves just got the navy list (their own navy
List, the first one ever was in Uppercross), then sit down
Study it carefully together and discover publicly
Ship under the command of Captain Wentworth."Your first is Asp, I remember; we will look for Asp."

"You won't find her there.Quite tired and broken.I'm
The last person to order her.It was hardly suitable for service at that time.Report fit
I served at home for a year or two, so I was sent to the west
India."

The girls are stunned."The Admiralty," he continued, "I am entertaining myself from time to time,
Send hundreds of people out to sea on a ship that is not suitable for employment.But they have a lot to support; in thousands of
It's better not to go, they can't
Distinguish the people who are likely to be least missed."

"Puff! Puff!" the admiral shouted: "What are these young people talking about!
In her time, there has never been a better dhow than Asp.For an old building
Dhow, you won’t see her equal.Fortunate enough to get her! he knows
Twenty people better than him must apply for her
Simultaneously.Lucky guy got anything so quickly, no more
Than his interest."

"I think I'm very lucky, Admiral, I assure you;" Captain Wentworth replied.
seriously."I am very satisfied with my date, you can
desire.At that time I wanted to go to sea; a kind
Great object, i want to do something."

"To make sure you did.What should young people like you do?
Together for half a year? If a man does not have a wife, he will soon want to be
Float again."

"But, Captain Wentworth," Louisa cried, "you must be annoyed.
When you come to Asp, see what old things they gave you."

"Before that day, I knew exactly what she was;" he said with a smile."I didn't find more than you
The fashion and power of any old pelisse you have seen
Since you can remember, among your half of your acquaintances, which
Finally, on a very humid day, lend yourself.Ah! She is a dear
Old Asp give me.She did everything i want to do.I know she will.I know
We either go to the bottom together or she is
Made me; I have never experienced two days of bad weather
I'm at her sea; and after taking enough privateers
Interestingly, I have good luck on my way home next fall,
Collided with the French frigate I wanted.I brought her in
Plymouth; this is another lucky example.We haven't six hours yet
In the sound, when a strong wind that lasted four days and four nights hit,
For poor old Asp, this will be done in half the time; our touch
The great country has not improved our situation.4:20 hours later, I should be just a brave person
Captain Wentworth, a short section in a corner
Newspaper; and lost in the dhow, no one would have thought
about me."Anne's tremor is only to herself; but miss
Musgroves can be both candid and candid in their amazement
Pity and fear."So, I think," Mrs. Musgrove whispered, as if
Thought loudly, "So he went to Laconia, where he met
With our poor child.Charles, my dear, "(waves to her)" must ask
Where Captain Wentworth first met your poor brother.I
Always forget."

"It's in Gibraltar, mother, I know.Dick is sick
Gibraltar, recommended to the captain by his former captain
Wentworth."

"Oh! But, Charles, tell Captain Wentworth, he doesn't have to be afraid
Mention poor dick in front of me because I'm so happy
Hearing such a good friend talk about him."

Charles, pay more attention to the possibility of the case,
Only nodded in response, turned and left.The girls are now looking for Laconia; Captain Wentworth can
Don't deny that you bring precious rolls into your own pleasure
Do it yourself, save them the trouble, and read the small aloud again
A statement of her name and rank, and the current noncommissioned officer,
Observe it, she is also one of the best friends
There have been."Ah! The few days I had Laconia were really happy! How fast I did
Her money.I had such a pleasant voyage with a friend of mine
Western islands.Poor Javier, sister! Do you know how much he
Want money: worse than me.He has a wife.Excellent guy.I
Never forget his happiness.He felt it all, it was too important to her
Sake.I hope him again next summer, when I still
Same luck in the Mediterranean."

"I'm sure, sir," said Mrs. Musgrove, "this is a lucky day for us.
When you are appointed as the captain.We will never forget something
you did it."

Her feelings make her talk low; and Captain Wentworth, only hear
Partly, maybe there is no Dick Musgrove in his mind at all,
Looks quite suspenseful, as if waiting for more."My brother," one of the girls whispered. "Mom is thinking about the poor
Richard."

"Poor fellow!" Mrs. Musgrove continued; "He is so stable,
Such an excellent reporter, under your care! what!
If he never leaves you, it will be a happy thing.I promise
You, Captain Wentworth, we are sorry that he left you."

In response, there was a momentary expression on Captain Wentworth's face.
Speech, a glimpse of his bright eyes, and his handsome curly hair
Mouth, this persuaded Annie instead of sharing Mrs. Musgrove’s
Sincere blessings, as for her son, he may have taken great pains
Get rid of him; but this self-entertainment is too short-lived
Discovered by anyone who knows him better than she; in another
The moment he was completely calm and serious was almost instantaneous
Then walked to the sofa, she and Mrs. Musgrove were sitting on the sofa
Sit down, sit down by the latter, and start with
She, talking about her son in a low voice, with so much sympathy and
The grace of nature, because of the most tender consideration for everything
Real and absurd in the feelings of parents.They are actually on the same sofa because Mrs. Musgrove is the most
Make room for him; they are only separated by Mrs. Musgrove.No
Really a trivial obstacle.Mrs. Musgrove is very comfortable,
Huge size, infinitely more suitable for nature to express kindness
Cheers and humor are better than gentle and sentimental; and at the same time
Consider the excitement of Annie's slender body and pensive face
Due to the complete screening, Captain Wentworth should be allowed some
Thanks to his self-control of the big fat man who took care of her
Sigh for the fate of his son, he is alive and no one cares.Of course there is no need for personal size and mental grief
proportion.A big and cumbersome person also has the right to go deep
Pain, as the most beautiful limbs in the world.But fair
Or unfair, there are inappropriate conjunctions, which reason will
Patronize for nothing-that kind of taste cannot be tolerated-that kind of mockery
seize.Refreshing, after spinning two or three refreshing circles in the room
With his hands behind him, he was called by his wife, and now he is here
Until Captain Wentworth, there was no observation what he might do.
Interrupting him, considering only his own thoughts, starting with--

"If you were in Lisbon a week later, last spring, Frederick, you
Will be asked to give to Mrs. Mary Grierson and her
daughter."

"Should I? I'm glad I haven't."

The admiral insulted him for lacking bravery.He defended himself;
Despite claiming that he would never admit any lady willingly
Board his ship, except for a dance party, or a visit, some of which
Hours may understand."But if I understand myself," he said, "this is not out of bravery
To them.But from feeling how impossible it is, with all
One’s efforts and all the sacrifices to adapt
Like the board that women should have.Can’t lack heroism,
Admiral, when evaluating women’s personal comfort requirements,
This is what i did.I hate to hear that there are women on the boat, or to see
They are on the ship; no ship under my command can transport a family
Ladies everywhere, if I can help."

This made his sister come to him."Oh! Frederick! But I can't believe you.- all idle
Exquisite! --A woman may be as comfortable on a boat as in the best house
in England.I believe I have lived on a boat like most women, and
I know there is nothing better than the accommodation of a war crew.I
Declare that I have no comfort or indulgence for me, even in
Kelich Hall," (bows to Annie), "beyond what I have always had
Most of the boats I have stayed in; there are five of them."

"Nothing," her brother replied."you and
Your husband, and the only woman on the boat."

"But you, yourself, brought Mrs. Havel, her sister, her cousin and
Three children, from Portsmouth to Plymouth.Where was this before
Your extraordinary, extraordinary heroic figure? "

"Everything fits into my friendship, Sophia.I will help any brother
The officer’s wife, I can, I’ll take anything from Javier
From the end of the world, if he wants.But don't think i did it
Don’t think it’s an evil in itself."

"By it, they are very comfortable."

"I may not like them better, maybe.Such a number
Women and children have no right to feel comfortable on board."

"Dear Frederick, you are talking idle.Pray, what will happen
Be the wives of our poor sailors, they often want to be told to someone
Port or other, after our husband, if everyone has your feeling? "

"My feelings, you see, did not stop me from taking away Mrs. Havel and all
Her family to Plymouth."

"But I hate hearing you speak like a gentleman, like
Women are good women, not rational creatures.None of us
We want to be in calm water every day."

"Ah! Honey," said the admiral, "when he has a wife, he can sing
Different tunes.After he gets married, if we are lucky enough to live
In another war, we will see him like you and me, there are many more
Others, have done.We will make him thank anyone very much
Will bring him his wife."

"Yes, we will."

"Now I'm done," Captain Wentworth called.."Once married
Started attacking me—'Oh! You have very different ideas when
you are married.’I can only say, ‘no, I won’t;’ and they said
Once again,'Yes, you will,' it's over."

He got up and left."You must be an amazing traveler, madam!" said Mrs. Musgrove
To Mrs. Croft."Very well, ma'am, in the fifteen years of my marriage; although many
Women do more.I have crossed the Atlantic four times
I have been to the East Indies, and then came back, and only once; except
Different places about home: Cork, Lisbon and Gibraltar.But I have never crossed the street, nor been in the west
India.We don’t call Bermuda or Bahamas, you know, West Indies."

Mrs. Musgrove said nothing in the objection. She can't blame
During her whole process, she called them
life."And I assure you, ma'am," asked Mrs. Croft, "nothing can
Beyond the adaptability of war personnel; I said, you know,
Higher interest rates.When you come to a frigate, of course, you are more
Restricted; although any reasonable woman can be very happy in one of them
Them; I can safely say that the happiest part of my life is
Spend on the boat.When we are together, you know, there is
Nothing to be afraid of.Thank God! I have always been lucky
Good health, no climate disagrees with me.a little
The first twenty-four hours of going to sea are always disorderly, but
I didn’t know what it was..The only time i really
Physical or mental suffering, this is the only time I have fantasized about myself
Feeling unwell, or having any dangerous thoughts, is the winter I have traveled through
I’m in Dier, when the admiral (then Captain Croft) was in the north
Sea area.At that time I was living in eternal fear, there were all kinds of
Don’t know how to deal with myself or when i
We should hear from him next; but as long as we can be together, there will be nothing
Once made me sick, I have never encountered the smallest inconvenience."

"Yes, for sure.Yes, indeed, oh yes! I agree with you very much,
Mrs. Croft," Mrs. Musgrove answered sincerely.."Nothing bad
As separation.I agree with you.I know what it is because
Mr. Musgrove always attends the jury and I am very happy for them
It's over, he's back safely."

The party ended with a dance.Once proposed, Annie proposed
Her service, as usual; although her eyes are sometimes full
She was sitting in front of the instrument and burst into tears, she was very happy
To be hired, there is nothing but not being noticed.This is a joyous party, no one seems to be better than
Captain Wentworth.She thinks he has everything that can improve him
General attention and respect, especially
All young women can do it.Miss Hayters, female
The family of the cousin who has been mentioned is obviously admitted
An honor to fall in love with him; as for Henrietta and Luisa, they
Both seem to be completely occupied by him, except to continue
The most perfect kindness between them
Make them believable as competitors who are not decisive.If he is a
Not spoiled by such universal and ardent admiration, who can
Want to know?

These are some thoughts that occupy Annie, and her fingers
Working mechanically for half an hour together,
No mistakes, no consciousness.Once she feels
He looked at herself, observing her changing appearance, maybe,
Trying to find the ruins of the once charming faces in them
Him; once she knew he must be talking about her; she almost
Realized this until she heard the answer; but then she was convinced that his
Asked his partner Miss Eliot if she never danced? answer
Yes, "Oh, no; never; she has given up dancing completely.She would rather
play.She never gets tired of playing."On one occasion, he talked to her.She left the instrument at the end of the prom while he was sitting
Lowered his head, trying to show the kind of air he wanted to give to the young lady
Musgroves' thoughts.Inadvertently she went back to that part
Room; he saw her, stood up immediately, and said with the learned politeness--

"I'm sorry, ma'am, this is your seat;" although she
Immediately retreat in a resolutely negative manner, he will not be induced
Sit down again.Annie doesn't want more such eyes and speeches.His cold
Polite, his grand demeanor is worse than anything else.Chapter nine


Captain Wentworth came to Kelich for a home. How long will he stay?
He likes it, it's entirely the target of the Admiral's brothers
Kindness to his wife.He was planning to arrive for the first time
I soon entered Shropshire and visited my settled brothers
That country, but the appeal of Uppercross prompted him to put this
go away.There is so much friendliness, flattery, and
The most fascinating thing about his reception there; it's always like this
Warm and hospitable, the young man is so amiable that he has to make up his mind
Stay in place, with all his charm and perfection
Edward's wife took a little longer on credit.Soon, Uppercross was with him almost every day.Musgroves can
Few are more willing to invite than him, especially in
In the morning, when he had no companions at home, for the admiral and his wife
Croft is usually outdoors and is very interested in himself
Their new possessions, their grass, their sheep, and wandering around
In a way that a third person cannot bear, or driving in a performance,
Recently joined their organization.So far, there is only one view of Captain Wentworth.
Musgroves and their dependencies.That's unchanging warm admiration
Everywhere; but this intimate foothold is just established,
When a certain Charles Hayter (Charles Hayter) returned to them, it was a good deal
Was disturbed by it and thought Captain Wentworth was in the way.Charles Hayter is the eldest son of all his cousins, very amiable,
A likable young man, there was a period between him and Henrietta
Before Captain Wentworth, there was quite a lot of attachment appearance
Introduction.He was ordered; and in
A neighbourhood that doesn’t need to live, lives in his father’s house
House, only two miles from Upper Cross.Leave home briefly
In this critical period, let his beauties out of his attention,
When he came back, he painfully discovered a very changed behavior,
And meet Captain Wentworth.Mrs. Musgrove and Mrs. Haight are sisters.Each of them has money, but
Their marriage has had a substantial impact on their degree
result.Mr. Haite has some of his own property, but
Compared to Mr. Musgrove's insignificant; when the Musgrove family
In the first-class society of this country, the young Hayters would,
From the poor, retired and vulgar lifestyles of their parents,
And their own flawed education, almost never attended any class
All, but for their connection with Uppercross, this eldest son of course
Exception, who chooses scholars and gentlemen, who is
Are superior to others in cultivation and behavior.The two families have been living in harmony, no
On the one hand there is pride, on the other hand there is no jealousy, there is only this
Miss Musgrove’s superiority makes them
Happy to improve their cousins.Charles' attention to Henrietta
Observed by her father and mother, there is no objection."It's not a perfect match for her; but if Henrietta likes him,"-
Henrietta does seem to like him.Before Captain Wentworth came, Henrietta herself thought so completely. but
Since then, Cousin Charles has been deeply forgotten by people.Which of the two sisters does Captain Wentworth prefer
Quite doubtful, as far as Annie’s observations are concerned.Henrietta is
Perhaps the most beautiful, Louisa’s spirit is higher; she doesn’t know
Now, whether it’s a gentler or more lively character the most
Might attract him.Mr. and Mrs. Musgrove, whether they are rarely seen, or from the whole
Trust the judgment of their daughter and all others
The young people close to them seem to have given up everything
opportunity.No care or comment
Regarding them in the mansion; but it's different in the cottage:
Young couples there are more inclined to guess and doubt; and
Captain Wentworth has not been among the young ladies more than four or five times
Musgroves’ company and Charles Hayter just reappeared when
Annie had to listen to the opinions of her brother and sister, as for
Which is the favorite.Charles to Louisa, Mary to
Henrietta, but very agree that letting him marry any one could be
Very pleasant.Charles" has never seen anyone more likable than him in his life; from his
I’ve heard that Captain Wentworth himself said that he’s pretty sure he
A war of no less than 20,000 pounds.This is an
Make a fortune all at once; besides that, it's possible
In any future war; he is sure that Captain Wentworth is like
Maybe someone who distinguishes himself from a naval officer.Oh! it
Will be the capital match of any of his sisters."

"According to me," Mary replied."Oh my God! If he rises to
Any very great honor! If only he could become a baron! 'Ms
Wentworth has a nice voice.This is indeed a noble thing, because
Henrietta! She would replace me then, and Henrietta would not
Don't like that.Sir Frederick and Mrs. Wentworth! This will just be a new
Creation, however, I never thought about your new creation."

Mary is the best person to think Henrietta is her favorite
Charles Hayter's description, she wished to see pretentious
Ends with.She looked down at the Hayter family very firmly, thinking
It would be a very unfortunate thing to have an existing connection between
The family regained a new life-very sad for herself and her children."You know," she said, "I don't think he is suitable at all
Henrietta; considering the alliance formed by Madame Masgro,
She has no right to abandon herself.I don't think any young women
The right to make choices that may be unpleasant and inconvenient
For the main part of her family, and with
Unaccustomed person.And, pray, who is Charles
Haite? Just a national curator.Miss the most inappropriate match
Musgrove of Upper Cross."

However, her husband does not agree with her here. Because besides owning
Considering that his cousin, Charles Hayter, was the eldest son, he saw
As the eldest son."Now you are talking nonsense, Mary," so his answer was."it
It won’t be a great game for Henrietta, but Charles has a very fair
Have the opportunity to get something from the bishop through Spicers
The process of one or two years; you will remember that he
Is the eldest son; every time my uncle dies, he becomes very beautiful
property.Winthrop’s manor is no less than two hundred
Fifty acres, except for the farm near Taunton, this is some of the best
Land in the country.I admit that anyone except Charles will
It was a very shocking game for Henrietta, in fact it was impossible; he
Is the only possible; but he is a very kind person,
Good guy; whenever Winthrop falls into his hands, he
Will turn it into a different place and live in a very different place
One way; with that property, he will never be despised
People-good freehold property.No, no; Henrietta may perform better than
Marry Charles Haight; if she has him, Louisa can get the captain
Wentworth, I will be very satisfied."

"Charles can do whatever he wants," Mary shouted to Annie as soon as she spoke.
Out of the room, "but it would be shocking to get Henrietta married
Charles Haight; it’s a very bad thing for her, it’s worse for me; and
Therefore, I very much hope that Captain Wentworth will soon
Excluded him from her mind, I doubt him very much
have.Yesterday she barely noticed Charles Haite.I hope
Have you been there to see her behavior.As for Captain Wentworth
I like Louisa and Henrietta. It’s nonsense to say that; for him
Of course I like Henrietta the most.But Charles is like this
positive! I hope you were with us yesterday, because then you might
A decision was made between us; I believe you will think the same as I do,
Unless you have made up your mind to oppose me."

All these things happened during dinner at Mr. Musgrove’s house
Should have been seen by Annie; but she stayed at home all the time, in
Her own headache mixed plea, and some uncomfortable return
In little charles.She just wanted to avoid Captain Wentworth;
But evasion as a referee is now added to
The benefits of a quiet night.As for Captain Wentworth’s point of view, she thinks it’s more important
He should understand his thoughts as soon as possible so as not to endanger
The happiness of any sister, or the honor of impeaching him, is better than him
Should I prefer Henrietta to Louisa, or prefer Louisa to Henrietta.anyone
They are likely to make him an affectionate and humorous person
wife.About Charles Haite, she has a certain delicacy
Pained for any indiscretion by a well-meaning young woman, and
Sympathize with any pain it causes; but if
Henrietta found that her feelings were essentially wrong,
Changes cannot be understood too quickly.Charles Hayter encountered many things that made him feel uneasy and humiliated.
Cousin's behavior.Her view of him is too old to be so complete
Alienated all hopes of the past as much as possible in the two meetings, and
Let him have nothing to do but stay away from Upper Cross: but there is
It’s this change that becomes very shocking, when someone like the captain
Wentworth is seen as a possible cause.He has been absent
Only two Sundays, when they separated, made her interested, even
To achieve his greatest wish, in the prospect of him about to quit smoking
Current curacy instead of getting Uppercross.There was
It seems to be the object closest to her heart, the principal Dr. Shirley
Has been enthusiastic about performing duties for more than 40 years
His office, but now it’s too weak for many of them, it should
Very focused on hiring a curator; should make his healing ability comparable
Do what he can and should give Charles Hayter the promise
it.He just needs to come to Uppercross instead of
Six miles the other way; he is better in every way
Cure rate; he belongs to their dear Dr. Shirley, and dear, kind doctor
Shirley was relieved of a duty he could no longer undertake
Experienced a lot without the most harmful fatigue, even
Louisa, but almost everything about Henrietta.When he came
I'm back, alas! The enthusiasm for business is gone.Louisa can't
Listen completely to his account of the conversation just held
With Dr. Shirley: She is by the window, looking for the captain
Wentworth; even Henrietta is distracting at best
Giving, seems to have forgotten the previous doubts and concerns
Negotiating."Well, I am really happy: but I always thought you would get it;
I always thought you were sure.In my opinion-in short, you
I know, Dr. Shirley must have a pastor, and you have got his promise.Is he coming, Luisa? "

One morning, shortly after dinner at Musgroves, Anne
Without showing up, Captain Wentworth walked into the living room
The cabin, where only herself and the sickly Charles,
Who is lying on the sofa.Surprised to find that I was almost alone with Anne Elliott, deprived
He was as calm as usual: he opened his mouth and could only say,
"I thought Miss Musgrove was here: Mrs. Musgrove told me
Should find them here," and he walked to the window to recall
Himself and feel how he should behave."They go up the stairs with my sister:
For a moment, I dare to say," Anne’s answer, amidst all the confusion
It’s natural; if the child doesn’t ask her to come over and do it
For him, she will walk out of the room in the next moment,
And released Captain Wentworth and herself.He continued to walk to the window; then calmly and politely said, "I
Hope the little boy gets better," Silence.She had to kneel by the sofa and stay there to be content
Her patients; just like that they lasted a few minutes
Very satisfied, she heard someone passing through the small
lobby.She turned her head, hoping to see the master
House; but it turns out that it does much less calculations on manufacturing issues
Easy-Charles Hayter, may not be happy at all
Captain Wentworth has seen more than Captain Wentworth
Annie.She just tried to say, "How are you? Don't you sit down?
Others will be there soon."

However, Captain Wentworth came in through his window, obviously not
Not good at talking; but Charles Haight is over soon
His attempt is to sit down close to the table and then pick up
Newspaper; Captain Wentworth returns to his window.Another minute brought another supplement.Little boy, an amazing
Two-year-old stout, forward child, after opening the door
He appeared firmly among them from someone outside, and
Walked straight to the sofa to see what happened, then put his
Claim any good things that might be given away.Without food, he can only play; and as his
The aunt didn’t let him tease his sick brother, he started to buckle
When she knelt down, he himself was on her, in this way, even though she was busy
Regarding Charles, she can’t get rid of him.She talked to him, ordered,
Plead, but persist in vain.Once she tried to push him
Left, but the boy returned to her back more happily
Directly."Walter," she said, "come down now.You extremely
Troublesome.I am angry with you."

"Walter," Charles Haight yelled, "Why don't you do what you ask? Do
Didn't you hear your aunt talking? Come to me, Walter, come to my cousin
Charles."

But Walter did not waver.But the next moment, she found herself in a state of being
Release from him; someone took him away from her even though he had been bent down
Lowered her head so that his sturdy hands were loose
From her neck, before she knew it, he was taken away resolutely
Captain Wentworth did it.Her feelings about this discovery left her completely speechless.she was
Can't even thank him.She can only hang on little Charles,
Most confused.The kindness he came to her
Relief, the way, the silence of its past, the little
The details of the situation, she was convicted soon
Because of the noise he deliberately made to the children, he plans to
Avoid hearing her thanks, but try to prove her
Conversation is his last wish, which has caused such chaos
Changing but very painful excitement, because she can’t recover from it,
Until the admission of Mary and Miss Musgroves
Give her little patient to their care, and then leave the room.She can
Do not stay.This may be an opportunity to watch love
The jealousy of four people-they are totally now; but she can stay
nothing.Obviously Charles Haite is not in good health
Lean towards Captain Wentworth.She has a deep impression of him
Having said that, in Captain Wentworth’s
Interference, "You should mind me, Walter; I told you not to
Make fun of your aunt;" and understand his regret for the captain
Wentworth should do what he should do.But none
Charles Hayter’s feelings are not the feelings of anyone, and she won’t be interested.
Until she arranges it herself.She is ashamed
She herself, ashamed of being so nervous, overwhelmed by such emotions
Trivial; but the truth is that it takes a long time to be alone
And reflection to restore her.Chapter 10


Other opportunities for her observation cannot happen.Annie is often with four people soon
There are opinions, although it is wise to admit this at home,
She knew it would not satisfy her husband and wife; for
Although she thinks Louisa is the most popular, she can’t
But think about it, as long as she dares to remember and
Experience, Captain Wentworth neither loves.they
Love him more; but this is not love.This is a small
Admiration; but it may, may have to, in order to fall in love
some.Charles Hayter seemed to realize that he was underestimated, but Henrietta
Sometimes there is an atmosphere of division between them.Annie desires
Show them the power of all their content, and
Point out some of the evils they exposed to themselves.she was
Didn't blame anyone for the cunning.This is her greatest satisfaction
I believe that Captain Wentworth did not realize his pain at all
occasion.There is no victory in his way, no pitiful victory.He may never have heard of it, and never thought about anything about
Charles Haight.It is wrong for him to just accept attention (because
Acceptance must be a word of two young women at the same time).However, after a short struggle, Charles Haite seemed to quit
site.Three days have passed, and he has not yet come to Cross. A kind
The most decisive change.He even declined a regular invitation
Dinner; and was discovered by Mr. Musgrove on this occasion
In the big book in front of him, the Musgroves were convinced that it was impossible
By the way, his face solemnly talked about how he learned to die.Mary hopes and believes that he was positively fired
From Henrietta, her husband lives under constant dependence
See him tomorrow.Annie can only think that Charles Haight is
Sensible.One morning, around this time, Charles Musgrove and Captain Wentworth
Go shooting together because the sisters in the hut
Sitting quietly and working, the sisters visit them at the window
From the mansion.The weather in November is very sunny and Miss Musgrove comes over
Small venue, just to stop just to say,
They have to walk a long way, so they conclude that Mary can
Don’t like to go with them; when Mary answers immediately, bring some
Jealousy is not considered a good walker, "Oh yes, I should like
I really want to join you guys, I like to travel long distances a lot;" Annie felt
Convinced by the eyes of the two girls, this is exactly
They don’t want and admire again
Family habits seem to produce everything
Communication, everything will be done together, but
Unpopular and inconvenient.She tried to dissuade Mary from going, but
In vain; in that case, I think it's best to accept the lady
Musgroves sincerely invites himself to go too, because
She might help to go back with her sister and reduce
Interfere with any of their own plans."I can’t imagine why they think I don’t like long
Go," Mary said as she went upstairs."Everyone always
Suppose I’m not a good walker; but they won’t
Very happy if we refuse to join them.When people enter this
Deliberately asking us, how can we say no? "

Just as they set off, the gentlemen came back.They took
Drive out a puppy that ruined their movement and sent them back early.Therefore, their time, strength and spirit are fully prepared
For this walk, they happily walked in.Can Annie
Foreseeing such intersections, she would stay at home; however, from some
Feeling of interest and curiosity, she now fantasizes this too
I'm late, and the six come forward together
Miss Musgroves chose the direction, she obviously thinks
Walk under their guidance.Annie’s goal is not to get in the way of anyone; and where
The narrow path through the fields necessitated many separations to maintain
With her siblings.The joy of her walk must come from
Exercise and a day, judging from the last smile of the year
On tawny leaves and withered hedges, from repetition to
Some of the thousands of poetic descriptions in existence
Autumn, the season that has a peculiar and inexhaustible influence on the soul
Taste and tenderness, the season learned from every poet,
It’s worth reading, some descriptive attempts, or some lines
feel.She occupied her mind as much as possible in such things
Contemplation and quotation; but it is impossible, when within reach
The conversation between Captain Wentworth and any of Miss Musgroves,
She shouldn’t have tried to hear it; however she found something very remarkable.It’s just a lively chat, just like any young man, in an intimate
To stand, you may fall into.His relationship with Louisa compares with
Henrietta.Of course Luisa pays more attention to him than she does
sister.This distinction seems to increase, and there is a
Louisa's speech touched her.After one of the many compliments
On that day that kept emerging, Captain Wentworth
Add to: - 

"How nice the weather is for the Admiral and my sister! They plan to
Drove a long way this morning; maybe we can cheer them from some place
These mountains.They talked about entering this side of the country.I
No wonder whereabouts, they will disrupt the daily.Oh! It really happened
Often, I assure you; but my sister knows nothing about it; she will do
Believe in being abandoned."

"Ah! You made the most of it, I know," Luisa cried, "but if it is
Really, I should do the same for her.If i love someone,
Because she loves the admiral, I will always be with him, nothing should be
Once separated us, I would rather be overthrown by him than be driven away by him
Safe by anyone."

Very enthusiastic."Is there?" he shouted in the same tone; "I salute you!" And
There was a moment of silence between them.Annie can't get caught up in quotes again immediately.sweet
The autumn scenery is temporarily put on hold, unless there are some gentle sonnets,
Full of apt metaphors for the decline year, with the decline
Happiness, youth and hope, the pictures of spring, all disappeared
Together, bless her memory.She cheered up and said that because they
Was ordered to hit and enter another path, "Isn't this a way?
Winthrop? "But no one heard, or at least no one answered her.However, Winthrop or its surrounding area-for young people, sometimes
Met, wandering around home—their destination; afterwards
It gradually rises through the other half mile of the large fence, where
The plow is working, and the newly built path speaks of farmers’ resistance
The poetic loss of sweetness, and the meaning of spring again,
They ascended the biggest mountain and the peaks separated
Uppercross and Winthrop, soon commanded the whole picture of the latter,
At the foot of the mountain on the other side.Winthrop, without beauty or dignity, was drawn to them;
An indifferent house, low, surrounded by barns and
Farmyard building.Mary exclaimed, "Bless me! This is Winthrop..I declare that I don't know!
Okay, I think we'd better go back; I'm so tired."

Henrietta, conscious and ashamed, did not see Charles' cousin walking
Along any road, or leaning on any door, prepare to be like Mary
Hope; but no! "" said Charles Musgrove, "No, no! Louisa cried.
Pulling her sister aside more eagerly, seemingly arguing
Passionate thing.At the same time, Charles very decisively announced his determination
Since he was so close, he went to visit his aunt; obviously,
Although it's more terrifying, trying to lure his wife to go too.But this
Is one of the main points for this lady to show her strength; when
He recommended the benefits of letting yourself rest for a quarter of an hour
Winthrop felt too tired and resolutely replied: "Oh! No,
indeed! Walking up to that mountain again hurt her more than anyone else
It’s good for her to sit down;" In short, her appearance and manners
Announcing that she will not go.After a series of such debates and negotiations,
Charles reached an agreement with his two sisters, he and
Henrietta should run for a few minutes to see their aunt and
Cousins, while others are waiting for them on the roof
Hill.Louisa seems to be the main organizer of the plan; and, when she
Walked with them for a while, down the mountain, still talking to Henrietta,
Mary took the opportunity to look around contemptuously and said
To Captain Wentworth--

"It’s really unpleasant to have such a relationship! But, I assure you, I
I have never been to the house above twice in my life."

She got no other answer, only a fake, agreeing smile,
Then came a scornful look. When he turned and left, Annie
Fully understand the meaning.Mountain eyebrows, where they stayed, is a happy place: Louisa
Back; and Mary, find yourself a comfortable seat on the steps
A ladder, as long as everyone else is standing, I’m satisfied
About her; but when Louisa pulled Captain Wentworth away
Pick up nuts in the adjacent hedgerow row, and then they pass
The degree is completely invisible, Mary is no longer happy; she
Arguing with her seat, convinced that Louisa's situation is much better
Somewhere, nothing can stop her from looking for one
Also better.She went through the same door, but she couldn't see them.Annie found a nice seat for her, on the dry sunny bank, in
Hedgerow, where she has no doubt that they still exist, somewhere
or others.Mary sat for a while, but couldn’t; she used to be
Make sure Luisa has found a better seat elsewhere and she will continue
Until she surpassed her.Annie is really tired and happy to sit down; she is fast
Hearing Captain Wentworth and Louisa line the fence behind her, as if
Return along the rugged, wild passage
center.They speak when they approach.Louisa’s voice is
First distinguish.She seems to be in some kind of longing
Speech.The first thing Annie heard was--

"So I let her go.I can't bear to scare her
From this nonsense visit.what! Will i be rejected
Do what I decide to do, and I know it's right,
Because of the posture and interference of such people or anyone I might be
Say? No, I don’t know how easy it is to be persuaded.When i have
Determined, I did it; Henrietta seemed to have
She decided to visit Winthrop today; however, she is nearby
Give it up, out of absurd compliment! "

"She will look back then, but for you?"

"She does.I'm almost ashamed to say."

"Happy for her, with a mind like you! After the prompt
What you just gave, which really confirms my own observations, and finally
When I’m with him, I don’t need to influence.
Understanding of what is happening.I see that this is not just a conscientious person
The aunt who visited you in the morning had a problem; woe to him and her
Similarly, when it comes to important things, when they are placed
Situations that require perseverance and willpower, if she doesn’t
The resolution is enough to resist idle interference from small things like this.Your sister is an amiable person; but your character is
Determined and firm, i understand.If you value her behavior or happiness,
Inject as much of your own spirit into her as possible.But this, no
Doubt you have been doing.This is also the worst evil
Submissive and indecisive character has no effect on it
rely.You can never be sure that a good impression is lasting;
Everyone can control it.Make happy people firm.this is
A nut," he said, grabbing one from the upper branch, "for example:
A beautiful shiny nut, it has primitive power, has
Survived all the autumn storms.It’s not a puncture, it’s not a weakness
Anywhere.This lunatic," he continued, with a playful seriousness, "though so
Many of his brothers have fallen and been trampled underfoot, still
Have all the happiness that hazelnut can imagine
were able."Then he returned to his previous serious tone-"My first
I hope everyone who is interested in me should be firm.in case
Louisa Musgrove will be beautiful and happy in November of her life
She will cherish all her mental power now."

He has done it but got no reply.If Annie would be surprised
Louisa could have easily answered such a speech: such words
Interest, speaking so earnestly and warmly! What she can imagine
Louisa feels.For herself, she was afraid to move, lest she
visible.When she stayed, a bush of holly trees protected
She they keep going.Before they can hear,
However, Louisa spoke again."Mary is kind enough in many ways," she said. "But she does
Sometimes irritated me with her nonsense and arrogance-Eliot
pride.She has too much pride in Eliot.We do
Hope charles marry anne.I think you know him
Want to marry Annie? "

After a pause, Captain Wentworth said--

"You mean she rejected him?"

"Oh! Yes; of course."

"When did it happen?"

"I don't know, because Henrietta and I were both in school at the time;
But I believe that about a year before he and Mary got married.I hope she has
Accepted him.We should all like her more; and
Mom and Dad always thought it belonged to her good friend Mrs. Russell.
Did she didn't.They think Charles may not have studied
The scroll is angry enough to please Mrs. Russell, so she
Persuade Annie to reject him."

The voice is receding, Annie no longer distinguishes.Her own
Her emotions still fix her.She has a lot of things to recover, before
She can move.The well-known fate of the listener is not absolute
Her; she didn't hear her bad words, but she heard a lot
Very painful import.She saw how her own character was considered
Captain Wentworth, feel that way
And curiosity about her, his attitude will definitely make her extreme
agitation.Whenever she could, she went after Mary, found it, and left
Go back to their former station with her, beside the steps, feel some comfort
Are collected immediately after their entire party, and once
Exercise more together.Her soul wants loneliness and silence
Only numbers can be given.Charles and Henrietta are back, as can be guessed,
Charles Haight and them.Details of business that Annie can't do
Try to understand; even Captain Wentworth does not seem to be recognized
The perfect faith is here; but it has been withdrawn
The gentleman's side, and the lady's softheartedness, they are now
Very happy to be together again, don't admit suspicion.Henrietta
Looks a little ashamed, but very happy; --Charles Haite
Very happy: they were loyal to each other almost from the beginning
The first moment they prepared for Uppercross.Everything is now marked Luisa for Captain Wentworth; nothing can
To put it plainly; where many divisions are needed, even where divisions are needed
No, they walked side by side almost as many as the other two.in
A long meadow land, where there is enough space for everyone, they
It split like this, forming three different parties; and that party
The three least lively and unlovable people, Annie
Must belong to.She joined Charles and Mary and was tired
Enough to be happy for Charles’s other arm; but Charles, although in
Very humorous to her, angry with his wife.Marizen
Showed disrespect to him and now has to bear the consequences,
The result is that he put down her arm almost every moment to cut
Use his switch to chop off the heads of some nettles in the hedge; when
According to reports, Mary began to complain and lament that she had been abused.
Used to, on the hedge side, and Annie was never uncomfortable
On the other hand, he lowered his arms to hunt down a weasel
He glanced, they could barely get him along
All.This long meadow borders a small road, which is their sidewalk, at the end
Is to go through, when a group of people reach the exit door,
The carriage is moving in the same direction, this has been a while
I heard that I just came up and proved to be the performance of Admiral Croft.he
And his wife have drove home as planned.I heard how long young people have been away, they
Kindly give up seats to any lady who may be particularly tired; it
Would save her a mile, they are crossing the Uppercross.The invitation is average, generally rejected.Miss Musgrove
Not tired at all, Mary was either offended or asked
Before anyone else, or Elliot pride as Louisa said
Unbearable to occupy one-third of a horse’s recliner.The walking squad has crossed the alley and is crossing a
On the opposite side of the stairs, the admiral rode again,
What did Captain Wentworth say when he immediately cleared the hedges
To his sister.Something may be guessed by its effect."Miss Elliott, I believe you are tired," Mrs. Croft shouted.."let us
Nice to take you home.This is a great space
Three, I assure you.If we are all like you, I believe we can sit down
four.You must, indeed, you must."

Annie is still in the alley; although she started instinctively
Refused, she is not allowed to continue.The cordial urgency of the Admiral
To support his wife; they will not be rejected; they
Compress yourself into the smallest possible space and leave her a
In the corner, Captain Wentworth turned to her without a word.
Quietly let her be lifted into the carriage.Yes; he did.She was in the carriage and thought he had
Put her there, his will and his hands have done it, she
This is due to his perception of her fatigue and his determination to give
Her rest.She was very touched by his views on his temperament
For her, all this shows.This little
The situation seems to have done everything before.she was
understand him.He can't forgive her, but he can't
ruthless.Although condemning her past and considering
A strong unjust resentment, despite not caring about her at all, and
Although I like others, I still can’t see her suffering.
No desire to relieve her.This is the remainder of the previous
Emotions; this is a pure, though unrecognized impulse to friendship;
That was proof of his own warm and affectionate heart, which she couldn't do
There is no emotional contemplation, so complicated joy and pain, that
She doesn't know which one has the upper hand.Her response to the kindness and comments of her peers is
Give unconsciously for the first time.They walked halfway along this road
Rough alleys, before what she said to them was fully awake.Then she
Found they were talking about "Frederick."

"Of course he wants to own one of these two girls, Sophie,"
The admiral said; "but didn't say which.He keeps running
After them, long enough, people will think, make up their minds.Hey, this comes from peace.If it was a war, he would have settled down a long time ago
long, long ago.Our sailor, Miss Elliott, cannot last long
War Courtship.Honey, how many days have passed
I saw you sitting with us for the first time
Live in North Yarmouth? "

"We better not talk about it, my dear," replied Mrs. Croft.
Pleasant; "Because if Miss Elliott hears us how fast
Understand, she will never be persuaded that we will be happy
together.However, a long time ago I met you through character."

"Well, I heard that you are a very beautiful girl, what are we?
Besides waiting? I don't like this kind of thing on hand for so long.I hope Frederick can spread more and bring us home
One of these young ladies came to Kelich.Then there will always be
For their company.Both of them are very beautiful young ladies; I hardly
Know one from another."

"It is indeed a very humorous and unaffected girl," said Mrs. Croft.
A calmer tone of praise, such as making Annie doubt her sharper power
May not think that any of them is worthy of her brother; "and
A very respected family.One can't connect with better
people.My dear admiral, that post! Of course we will accept
postal."

But by calmly giving the reins a better direction, they are happy
Got through the danger; then drove her out wisely one time
They neither fell into a rut nor hit a dung car; and
Annie, a bit funny about their driving style in imagination
The general guidance of their affairs did not show bad performance and found
She herself was safely stored in the hut by them.Chapter 11


The time for Mrs. Russell’s return is approaching: it’s fine
Fixed; and Annie, she was engaged at birth
Resettlement, looking forward to relocating to Kelich soon, and
Began to think about how her own comfort might be affected.It will put her in the same village as Captain Wentworth, in
Half a mile away from him; they will have to frequent the same church, and
There must be contacts between the two families.This is against
Her; but on the other hand, he spent a lot of time in Uppercross,
Leaving there, she might be considered as leaving him
Behind, instead of walking towards him; in general, she believes
She has to be a winner on this interesting question, almost like
Of course, just like she changed the family society and left poor Mary
To Mrs. Russell.She hoped she might avoid seeing the captain forever
Wentworth in the hall: Those rooms have witnessed previous meetings
It’s too painful to be brought to her; but she’s more anxious
Because Mrs. Russell and Captain Wentworth may never meet
Anywhere.They don’t like each other and don’t update their acquaintances.
Can do anything good now; if Mrs. Russell sees them together, she
May feel that his possessiveness is too much and her possessiveness is too little.These views constituted her main concern when she was expecting her to be removed.
From Upper Cross, she thinks she has been stationed there for a long time
enough.Her usefulness to little Charles always brings some
The memory of her two-month visit was sweet, but he
The strength is growing rapidly, she has nothing else to stay.However, her visit ended in a variety of ways,
She didn't expect it at all.Captain Wentworth, after invisible
Unheard of in Uppercross for two whole days, appeared among them again
Defend yourself with a relationship that keeps him away.A letter from his friend Captain Javier, he was
Finally, I brought the intelligence that Captain Javier was working on
His family spends the winter in Lyme; therefore, their existence
Unknowingly, within twenty miles of each other.Captain Havel has
I have been in poor health since I was seriously injured twice
A few years ago, Captain Wentworth was eager to see him
He went to Lyme immediately.He has been there at 4:20
hour.He was completely acquitted and his friendship was warmly respected,
His friend was in high spirits, his description of the fine
Lyme’s country receives so much attention from the party that
Anxious to see Lyme himself and the projects going there
The results are.Young people are crazy when they see Lyme.Captain Wentworth speaks
Go there by yourself, only seventeen miles away
Go to the cross; although it is November, the weather is not bad; and, in
In short, Louisa, who is the most eager desire, has formed
Determined to go, besides like doing what she likes to do,
Now I have the idea of ​​sticking to the advantages of my own way,
All the wishes of her father and mother to postpone until summer;
They are going to Lyme-Charles, Mary, Anne, Henrietta, Louisa,
Captain Wentworth.The first careless plan is to go in the morning and then
Night; but for his horse, this Mr. Musgrove will not
Agree; when it is considered rationally, the day's
There won’t be much time to see a new place in mid-November,
After deducting seven hours, according to the nature of the country,
Go and come back.Therefore, they have to spend the night there,
And don’t expect to return to the next day’s dinner.This is felt
Is a considerable correction; although they all meet at the emperor
Go home quite early for breakfast and set off very punctually,
Mr. Musgrove’s carriage passed noon before two carriages
Contains lessons for four ladies and Charles, he drives
Captain Wentworth was descending from Long Mountain to Lyme, and then
Into the steeper streets of the town itself, it’s
Obviously, they will not have more time to find them,
Before the light and warmth of the day disappear.After securing accommodation and ordering dinner at one of them
The inn, the next thing to do is undoubtedly walk directly
Down to the sea.They came too late and there is no entertainment at all
Or the variety that Lyme may offer as a public place.The room is
Shut up, almost all the tenants are gone, there is hardly a family, except
Residents leave; and, because there is nothing to appreciate in the building
Themselves, the remarkable situation of the town, the main street
Almost hurried into the water, walked to Cobb, and bypassed
Pleasant little bay, bathed in vitality in this season
Machines and companies; Cobb itself, its ancient miracles and novelties
Improved, the very beautiful cliff line extends to
To the east of the town, the eyes of strangers are looking for; and a very
It must be a stranger, who can't see the charm in front of him
The surroundings of Lyme make him wish to understand it better.Scene in
Its neighbourhood, Charmouth, has high ground and expansive
The country’s mopping up, and more importantly, its sweetness, the Gulf of Retirement, supports
Dark cliffs, low rock fragments in the sand, make it
The happiest place to watch the tide, sit down
Tireless contemplation; woody species of cheerful villages
Upper Lyme; most importantly, Pinny, the green gap between romance
Rocks, where dense forests and orchards are scattered
Grow up, announce that since then, many generations must have passed away
The first partial fall of the cliff prepared for this situation
State, where so beautiful and so cute scenes are displayed,
Surpassing any similar scenes on the famous island
White: These places must be visited and then visited again to make
Understanding the value of Lime.The party from Uppercross is now abandoned and
The room that looks melancholy, still declining, soon found myself
At the beach; and only stay, because everyone must stay and stare
It’s the first time to return to the sea, who is worth seeing,
Continue to walk towards Cobb, the same is their goal and
Captain Wentworth’s narrative: Because in a small house, near the foot of a mountain
The old wharf of unknown date, whether Harvilles settled.team leader
Wentworth turned around to visit his friend; the others went on, and he
Is to join them in Cobb.They never get tired of curiosity and admiration; not even
Louisa seemed to feel that they had been separated from Captain Wentworth for a long time.
When they saw him with three companions following them, everything was fine
According to the description, it is known that it is the captain and Mrs. Havel, and there is another
Captain Benwick who lives with them.Captain Benwick was a lieutenant of the Laconia not long ago;
And what Captain Wentworth told him when he returned
Before coming from Lyme, he warmly praised him as an excellent young man,
An officer he has always valued must be stamped
He is deeply respected by every listener
The history of his private life, which makes him very interesting
In the eyes of all ladies.He is engaged to the captain
Javier’s sister is now mourning her death.They have been a year
Or two waiting for wealth and promotion.Luck is coming, his
The bonus for being a lieutenant is great; the promotion is finally here;
But Fanny Havel doesn’t know.She died before
The summer when he was at sea.Captain Wentworth thought it was impossible
Because men are more attached to women than poor Benwick
Fanny Havel, or tormented deeper in terrible circumstances
change.He thinks his character must suffer
Heavy, combining very strong feelings with quiet, seriousness and retirement
Manners, as well as a firm taste in reading and a sedentary pursuit.to
Complete the fun of the story, the friendship between him and him
If possible, Harvilles seems to be shutting down all
What they think of the alliance, Captain Benwick is now living with them
complete.Captain Javier took away his current house for half a year
Years; his taste, his health and his wealth all guide him
The house is cheap and close to the sea; and the magnificent
The country, and Lyme’s retirement in the winter, happened to appear
Adapted to Captain Banwick’s mentality.Compassion and kindness
The excitement for Captain Banwick is great."However," Annie said to herself, and they now moved forward to meet
Party, "He may not have a heart sadder than me.I
Can't believe his prospects will always be so bleak.He is better than
I am; feel younger, if not; young like a man.He will
Rally again and be happy for the other."

They all knew and were introduced.Captain Javier is tall and dark
A man with a sensible and kind face; a little lame; and from
Strong physique, lack of health, looks much older than the captain
Wentworth.Captain Benwick seems to be the youngest of the three,
And, compared to any of them, a small man.He has a pleasant
Face and melancholy breath, as he should have, and then from
dialogue.Although Captain Havel is not as good as Captain Wentworth in manners,
Is a perfect gentleman, unaffected, enthusiastic and helpful.Mrs. Havel,
However, she is not as good as her husband, but seems to have
The same good mood; nothing is more pleasant than them
I am eager to treat the whole party as my friend, because
Friends of Captain Wentworth, or more hospitable than them
Beg all of them to commit to dinner with them.dinner,
Already booked at the inn, and finally accepted, although reluctantly
As an excuse; but they seem to be almost hurt by Captain Wentworth
Bring any such party to Lyme without treating it as one thing
Of course, they should eat with them.There is so much attachment to Captain Wentworth in all this, and so on
The charming charm of hospitality is so unusual, so different
The usual mutual invitation and formal dinner style
And showed that Annie felt that her spirit was unlikely to benefit from
Become more and more familiar with his brother officers."These will
Has always been my friend," she thought; she had to struggle
Oppose great inferiority complex.After leaving Cobb, they all entered the house with their new friends.
I found the room was very small, only those invitations from the heart
It can be considered to be able to hold so much.Annie for a moment
I was surprised by this topic; but it quickly got lost in
A more pleasant feeling emerges from the sight of all smart people
Captain Havel’s invention and careful arrangement, put
The actual space is best considered to make up for the lack of
Accommodation furniture, and protect doors and windows from
Winter storm is expected.Variety in decoration
Room, public necessities provided by the owner, in
Common indifferent dilemma, contrast with some articles
Rare wood, carefully processed with some strange things
The precious wealth of all distant nations owned by Captain Havel
Visited, it’s not just fun for Annie; it’s connected because it’s with
His profession, the fruits of his labor, the effects of his influence
About his habits, rest and family happiness
Present to her, make her feel more or less, not satisfied.Captain Havel is not a reader; but he designed it very well
Accommodation, and very beautiful shelves, for a tolerable
Captain Benwick’s collection of books, well-bound.his
Lameness prevented him from doing a lot of exercise; but a mind
Usefulness and originality seem to provide him with continuous employment opportunities
within.He paints, he paints, he carpenter, he glues; he makes toys
For the child; he made new net needles and pins
Improve; if everything is done, sit down to his
Fishing net in the corner of the room.Annie thinks that when they quit, she left a huge happiness
Room; and Louisa, she found herself walking beside her, rushing in
Admiration and joy for the character of the navy; their
Friendliness, their brotherhood, their openness, their integrity;
To protest her belief that sailors are more valuable,
Warmer than any other man in England; they only know how
To live, they only deserve to be respected and loved.They went back to dress and eat; the plan got a good answer
Already, no problems were found; even though it’s “so completely
Out of season", "no Lyme Avenue", "no
Expectations of the company," aroused apologies from many responsible persons
Inn.Annie found herself stronger now
Being in the company of Captain Wentworth is better than she initially thought
Used to sit at the same table with him now, and
Participate in the exchange of common civilizations (they never get
Beyond), become nothing.The night is too dark, the ladies won’t be able to meet again until tomorrow,
But Captain Havel promised that they would visit them in the evening; and he
Came and brought his friends, which exceeded expectations,
People agree that the Benwick ship looks like long
Oppressed by the presence of so many strangers.He takes risks
However, among them, although his spirit does not seem to
Generally suitable for party joy.When Captain Wentworth and Captain Havel presided over the conversation on one side
The room, and by recreating the past, provides a wealth of anecdotes
In order to occupy and entertain others, Annie’s fate fell on her shoulders.
Separated from Captain Banwick; very impulsive with her
Nature forced her to start to know him.He is very shy, and
Tends to be abstract; but the charming gentleness on her face,
Her demeanor and gentleness quickly had an effect; Annie was very good
Paid off the first fatigue.He is obviously a young man
Quite a taste of reading, but mainly poetry; and
Except for persuading him to give him at least one night
Obsessed with topic discussions, his usual companion
May not care, she hopes it is really useful
Some suggestions on the duty and benefits of struggle
Fight against the pain that comes from them spontaneously
dialogue.Because although shy, he doesn’t seem to be reserved; it’s quite
The emergence of emotions is happy to break their usual restraints; and
Talked about poetry, the wealth of this world, gone
Through a brief comparison of the opinions of first-class poets,
Trying to determine whether it is Marmion or The Lady of the Lake
First choice, and how to rank the brides of Giaour and Abydos; and
Besides, how to pronounce Giaour, he showed himself
Familiar with all the tenderest songs of a poet, and
All the impassioned descriptions of the other's hopeless suffering; he
Repeating various lines with such a trembling feeling, these lines depict a
Broken heart, or heart destroyed by misery, looks like this
As if he wanted to be understood, she boldly hoped that he
Not always read only poems, and said that she thought it was
The misfortunes of poetry are rarely enjoyed safely by those who are capable
Enjoy it completely; and that kind of strong feeling alone can
It is estimated that it should be tasted but
carefully.His expression shows that he is not in pain, but rather happy at his suggestion
Situation, she has the confidence to continue; and feel it in herself
Older mind, she boldly recommended a bigger
Prose allowance in daily study; and required
Special note, mentioning the works of our best moralists, such as
The best collection of letters, memoirs of these valuable characters
And pain, as she thought at the moment
Strengthen the heart with the highest precepts, the strongest
Examples of moral and religious patience.Captain Benwick listened intently, seemingly grateful
Implied interest; although shook his head and sighed
Declaring that he has no confidence in the efficacy of any book about grief, such as
His, write down the name of the person she recommended, and promise
Get and read them.When the evening was over, Annie couldn't help being amused by the thought.
She came to Lyme to preach patience and obedience to a young man
Someone she has never met; she can't help but be scared, more
Seriously reflect, like many other great moralists and
Missionary, she is very persuasive in her own behavior
Will you get sick?.Chapter 12


Annie and Henrietta found out that they were the earliest members of the party
Early the next morning, it was agreed to take a stroll in the sea before breakfast.they
I went to the beach and watched the flow of the tide, which is good
The southeast wind brings all the magnificence, so
Hiragi recognizes.They praised the morning; the glory is in the sea;
Sympathize with the joy of the fresh breeze--and
Silent; until Henrietta suddenly starts again--

"Oh! Yes,-I am very sure, with very few exceptions,
Sea and air transport is always good.There is no doubt that it used to be
Last spring, Dr. Shirley’s greatest service after being sick
Twelve months.He declared that he was coming to Lyme for a month,
Is he better than all the drugs he takes? And by
The sea always makes him feel young again.Now i can't help but think
It's a pity that he doesn't live at the seaside.I do think he has
It’s better to leave Upper Cross completely and fix it in Lyme.Isn't it, Annie?
You don’t agree with me, this is the best thing he can do, whether it’s
For himself and Mrs. Shirley? She has cousins ​​here, you know, there are many more
Acquaintances, this will make her happy, I believe her
I am glad to be in a place where she can seek medical treatment
On hand, in case he has another seizure.Indeed i think
It’s really sad to have excellent people like Dr. Shirley and Mrs. Shirley.
Do good in life, do the end
In places like Uppercross, they seem to be closed except for our family
From all over the world.I hope his friends recommend to him.I
Really think they should.And, with regard to obtaining exemptions, there are
There may be no difficulties in his lifetime and his character.mine
The only question is whether there is anything that can persuade him to leave his parish.His concept is so strict and meticulous; I am too much
Must say.Annie, don't you think this is too much? Don't
You think it’s a very wrong conscience to be a pastor
Sacrificing one's health for the sake of duty, it may also be the same
Performed by another person? Also in Lyme, only seventeen miles
Close, he will get close enough if people think there is
What can i complain about."

Annie smiled to herself more than once during the speech and then entered
Enter the subject, get ready to feel through entering
A young lady and a young man, although here is a lower
Standard, what else can it provide besides general acquiescence? she says
All that is reasonable and appropriate to the business; felt
Dr. Shirley should have a good rest; it's so desirable to see
He should have some active and respected young people as residents
The curator even politely hinted at such benefits
The resident priest is married."I hope," Henrietta said, very satisfied with her companion, "I hope
Mrs. Russell lives in Upper Cross and has a close relationship with Dr. Shirley.I
I have always heard that Mrs. Russell is the most influential woman
With everyone! I always thought she could persuade someone
anything! I am afraid of her, as I told you before, very afraid
She, because she is so smart; but I respect her very much, and
I hope we have such a neighbor in Uppercross."

Annie was amused by Henrietta's gratitude, and also amused
In addition, the course of the event and Henrietta’s new interest
Opinion should make her friends totally agree
The Musgrove family; however, she only has time to make a general answer, and
Hope that another woman like this is in Uppercross before all subjects
Suddenly stopped and saw Louisa and Captain Wentworth head towards
they.They also come for a walk until breakfast is probably
Ready; but Louisa recalled that immediately after her
Go to the store to buy things, please go back with her
Into the city.They are all under her control.When they came to the steps up from the beach, a
While preparing to come down, the husband drew politely
Come back and stop to make way for them.They ascend and pass him; and
As they passed by, Annie's face caught his attention, and he looked at her with a look.
She couldn’t help feeling that kind of sincere admiration.She looks very good. She is very regular and beautiful
Features, let the youthful bloom and freshness be exquisitely restored
The wind keeps blowing on her complexion, with
It also produces eyes.Obviously, this gentleman,
(Completely gentlemanly) I admire her very much.team leader
Wentworth immediately glanced at her, showing his
Notice it.He glanced at her,
Brightness, it seems to say, "That person was moved by you, even
I, at this moment, saw something like Anne Elliott again."

After visiting Luisa through her business, hang out in one place
Not long after, they went back to the inn; and Annie, by the way
Then she quickly moved from her own room to their dining room,
Almost ran into the same gentleman because he was from a
Adjacent apartment.She had guessed that he was a stranger before
Like yourself and determine a beautiful groom, who is
Wandering around the two inns after coming back, it should be his
servant.Both the host and the person helped the idea in mourning.it
Now prove that he and them belong to the same inn; and this
The second meeting, although short, proved once again Mr.’s
It seems that he thinks she is cute and ready
His apology is appropriate, he is a very good person
etiquette.He looks about thirty years old. Although he is not handsome, he has
Amiable person.Annie thinks she should want to know who he is.They almost finished their breakfast when the sound of the carriage (almost
The first they heard since entering Lyme) attracted half of the party
window.This is the gentleman’s carriage, the text, but only here
From the stables to the front door; someone must go
go away.It was driven by a servant who was mourning.The word course made Charles Musgrove jump up, he can compare
With his own; the mourning servant aroused Anne’s curiosity,
Collect all six people to see, when the time comes, the master
You can see the course coming out from the door, in the bow and
Family civilization, sit down, drive away."Ah!" Captain Wentworth yelled immediately, giving a half a glance.
Annie, "It's the one we passed by."

Miss Musgroves agreed. And everyone looked at him kindly
Climbing as far as possible to the mountain, they returned to the breakfast table.The waiter entered the room soon."Excuse me," Captain Wentworth said immediately, "Can you tell us the names?
The gentleman who just left? "

"Yes, sir, Mr. Elliott, a rich gentleman, finally came
Night from Sidmouth.Dare you to say you heard the carriage, sir, and you
Having dinner; now continue to Crewkherne, to Bath and
London."

"Elliott!" Many people looked at each other, and many repeated
Name, before all this is resolved, even through clever speed
Waiter's."Bless me (religion!" Mary cried; "It must be our cousin; it must be our husband
Elliott, it must, indeed! Charles, Annie, must not be? While mourning, you
Look, just like our Mr. Elliott.How extraordinary! inside
An inn like us! Annie, isn't it our Mr. Elliott? mine
Father's next heir? Sir," turned to the waiter, "you are not
I heard that his servant did not say whether he belonged to Kelich
family? "

"No, ma'am, he didn't mention any particular family; but he was talking about his
The owner is a very wealthy gentleman and will become a baron one day."

"There! Look!" Mary cried ecstatically, "As I said! Heir
Sir Walter Elliott! I'm sure it will come out, if so.Rely on it, this is the situation that his servant takes care of
Publishing, wherever he goes.However, Annie, just thinks how extraordinary!
I wish I had one more look at him.I hope we know in time, who
Yes, he may be introduced to us.It's a pity we
Should not introduce each other! Do you think he has
Elliott's face? I hardly watched him, I was watching
Horses; but I think he has some Eliot’s face, I
No wonder the weapon didn't hit me! Oh! Overcoat hanging
Panel and hide the arm, so it did; otherwise, I’m sure, I should
I have observed them, I have observed the uniform; if the servant doesn’t go in
Mourning, people should know him through uniform."

"Put all these very special situations together," said
Captain Wentworth, "We must think this is
Providence, you shouldn't be introduced to your cousin."

When she could get Mary's attention, Anne quietly tried to persuade
Their father and Mr. Elliott have not been
The term that makes the power of trying to introduce
feasible.However, at the same time, it is also a secret satisfaction for herself
Met her cousin and knew that the future owner of Kelich was
There is no doubt that he is a gentleman with a sensible temperament.She won't,
In any case, mentioning that she saw him for the second time;
Fortunately, Mary didn’t pay much attention to them passing by him.
They walked earlier, but she would feel that Annie’s
Actually clashed with him in the passage and received his
Polite excuse, and she didn’t get close to him at all; no, that
My cousin’s small interview must be kept secret."Of course," said Mary, "you will mention that we met Mr. Elliott,
Next time you write to Bath.I think of course my father should have heard
Among them; must mention everything about him."

Annie avoids answering directly, but this is only her case
Not only is it considered that there is no need for communication, but also what is considered
Should be suppressed.Offense to her father,
Many years ago, she knew; Elizabeth had a special share in her
Doubt; and Mr. Elliott’s ideas always arouse irritation in two ways
no doubt.Mary herself never wrote to Bath; all the hard work
Maintain a slow and unsatisfactory communication with Elizabeth
At Annie.Breakfast didn’t take long, the captain and
Mrs. Havel and Captain Banwick; who they appointed to bring
They walked in Lyme for the last time.They should go
Uppercross one, and everyone should get together at the same time,
As long as they can go out.Annie noticed that Captain Banwick was approaching her, as soon as they arrived
Pretty on the street.Did they talk the night before
Don't want to find her again; they walked together for a while,
Talk about Mr. Scott and Lord Byron as before, but still as helpless as before
Before, and couldn’t think like any other two readers
The advantages of both, until something has caused an almost universal
Change in their ranks, instead of Captain Banwick, she has
Captain Javier by her side."Miss Eliot," he whispered, "you did a good deed
Let the poor guy say so much.I hope he can have this
The company often.I know that shutting up like him is not good for him;
But what can we do? We can't separate."

"No," Annie said, "I can easily believe that it is impossible; but in
Time, maybe—we know what time does in every painful situation, and
You have to remember, Captain Javier, your friend may not have been called yet
A young mourner-last summer, I understood."

"Hey, really," (sighs deeply) "Only June."

"And he didn't know, maybe, so quickly."

"Until the first week of August, when he came home from Cape Town,
Just made into a grab.I was scared to hear in Plymouth
Him; he sent a letter, but the grabber was ordered by
Portsmouth.The news there will definitely follow him, but who will tell it?
not me.I will run to the yard as soon as possible.No one can
Do it, but that good guy" (pointing to Captain Wentworth.)  "This
Laconia came to Plymouth the week before. Without her danger
Sent out to sea again.He saved the opportunity for the rest; for
Ask for leave, but don’t wait to return, go by night
Until he arrived in Portsmouth, at that moment he drew towards the grabber,
Haven't left this poor fellow for a week.That's how he did it, and
No one else can save poor James.You might think, Miss Eliot,
Is he our dear! "

Annie really thought about this question with a perfect decision and said a lot
Can be done with her own feeling, or answer as if he seems to be able to do it
Bear because he was too affected to update this topic when he
Speaking again is a completely different thing.Mrs. Havel thought her husband would
When he got home, he had gone far enough, sure
The direction of the last walk of the whole party; they
Will accompany them to their door, and then return and set off
they themselves.According to their calculations, the time is just right.
But when they approached Cobb, there was a general hope to go
Walking along it again, everyone is so inclined, Louisa quickly became so
Ok, found a difference of a quarter of an hour,
There is no difference at all; so all kind leave, and
All possible invitations and promised exchanges
Imagine they were separated from the captain and Mrs. Havel at their doorstep,
Still with Captain Banwick, he seems to hold them tightly
Finally, continue to say goodbye to Cobb.Annie noticed that Captain Banwick was approaching her again.Lord Byron’s "Darkness
The blue sea" can’t help being raised by their present
See, she happily gave him all her attention, just pay attention
It is possible.I'll draw it soon, change another way.The wind is too strong to make the heights of New Cobb pleasant
For the ladies, they agreed to go down the steps to a lower place, and
Everyone is satisfied with quietly and carefully down the steep flight,
Except Louisa; she must have been jumped off them by Captain Wentworth.In all their walks, he had to jump her off the fence. This
Feels very pleasant for her.The hardness of the road is for her
Feet, making him reluctant now; he did it,
however.She came down safely, immediately, to show her enjoyment,
Run up the steps and then jump down.He advised her not to do this,
Thinks the jar is too big; but no, his reasoning and conversation are in vain, she
Smiled and said: "I'm sure I will:" He stretched out his hands; she
It was too heavy for half a second, she fell on the sidewalk
Putting down Cobb, he was lifted up lifelessly! No wounds, no blood,
There are no obvious bruises; but her eyes are closed, she is not breathing, her face
Like death.All the people standing around are terrified!

Captain Wentworth, who had caught up with her, knelt down and hugged her in his arms.
Look at her with a face as pale as her own, look at her in pain
be quiet."She's dead! She's dead!" Mary screamed and caught
Her husband and used his fear to make him
Unmovable; after a while, Henrietta sank to the bottom of the sea
Faith, but also loses reason, will fall on the steps,
But for Captain Banwick and Annie, they caught and supported her
they."Is there no one to help me?" is from
Captain Wentworth, in a desperate tone, as if trying his best
gone."Go find him, go find him," Annie shouted, "for God's sake, go find him.I
Can raise her by oneself.Leave me, go find him.Rub her hands, rub
Her temple; this is salt; take away, take away."

Captain Benwick obeyed and Charles left at the same time
He got himself from his wife, and they were all with him; Louisa grew up
Support and support more firmly between them, everything is done
Annie urged, but in vain; and Captain Wentworth was jaw-dropping.
Leaning against the wall to seek his support, exclaiming in the most painful pain——

"Oh my God! Her mom and dad!"

"Surgeon!" Annie said.He caught the word; it seemed to wake him up all at once, and only said--
"Really, really, it's a surgeon at this moment," when Annie ran away quickly
Enthusiastic advice——

"Captain Banwick, isn’t Captain Banwick better? He knows
Where can I find a surgeon."

Everyone who has the ability to think has felt the benefits of this idea, and
In an instant (everything is done in a fast instant) Captain Benwick resigned
The poor corpse-like figure is completely taken care of by the brother and
Go to town as fast as possible.As for the poor side left, it’s hard to tell which one is
Of the three perfectly rational people, the one who suffered the most is: Captain
Wentworth, Anne or Charles, they are really affectionate brothers,
Sobbing sadly over Louisa, she can only look away from
A sister who sees another person as insensitive, or witnessing
His wife's hysterical excitement called him to help him
Can't give.Annie, present with all strength, enthusiasm and thought,
The instinct offered to Henrietta, still trying to suggest from time to time
Comforting the others, trying to calm Mary down and make Charles full of energy,
Ease Captain Wentworth's feelings.Both seem to look at her
direction."Anne, Anne," Charles called, "what's next? What, in
In the name of heaven, what do we do next? "

Captain Wentworth's gaze also turned to her."Isn’t it best for her to be carried to the inn? Yes, I’m sure: carry her
Gently to the inn."

"Yes, yes, to the inn," repeated Captain Wentworth, in a more tone.
Collect and desire to do something."I carried her on my back.Musgrove, take care of the others."

At this time the report of the accident has spread among the workers
And the boatmen near the Cobb River, many people gathered near them, ready to
In any case, it’s useful if you want to appreciate a young lady who has died.
No, two young ladies who died, because it turns out that it is twice as good as the first one
report.For some of the most beautiful of these good people, Henrietta is
Was pinned, because although she partially awakened, she was still helpless; and
Just like that, Annie walked by her side and Charles took care of his
Wives, they move forward, and back with unspeakable feelings,
Ground, recently, recently, and so relaxed, they
It has passed.They didn’t leave Cobb before the Havel family met them..team leader
Someone saw Benwick flying past their house with the expression on his face
Showed a problem; they set off immediately,
Were told when they passed by and led to the scene.Shocked
Captain Javier is, what he brought might be
Immediately useful; the look in his and his wife’s eyes determined
To be completed.She must be taken to their home; everyone must go to their
House; waiting for the surgeon's arrival.They won't listen
Scruples: He was obeyed; they were all under his roof; and at the same time
Louisa was carried up the stairs under the guidance of Mrs. Havel.
Own your own bed, help, warm drink, repair agent
Provided by her husband to everyone who needs them.Louisa once opened her eyes, but soon closed again, no
Obviously Conscious.However, this is the proof of life
Serve my sister; and Henrietta, although completely incapable
In the same room with Luisa, kept by the excitement of hope
And fear, from her own insensitive return.Mary too
Getting calmer.The surgeon was with them almost before it seemed possible.they
When he checked, he fell ill with fright; but he was not desperate.This
The head was severely bruised, but he saw more damage
From: He is by no means desperate; he said cheerfully.He didn’t think it was a desperate situation, he didn’t say
A few hours must end it, at first it felt like it exceeded most people's hopes; and
The ecstasy, joy, deep and silent of this probation,
Few people express gratitude to heaven, maybe
Conception.The tone and expression of "Thank God!" was said by the captain
Wentworth, Annie will never be forgotten by her; there is no sight
Later, when he was sitting near a table, he leaned on the table when folded
The arms and face are hidden, as if overwhelmed by various feelings
His soul and trying to calm them through prayer and reflection.Louisa's limbs escaped.No injuries except for the head.The party now needs to consider what is best
Complete, as for their general situation.They can now and
Consult each other.However, Louisa must stay in place
What pained her friends was getting the Havel family to participate in such an event
Trouble, don't admit suspicion.Her removal is impossible.This
Javier silenced all concerns; and, as much as possible, everyone
grateful.They looked forward to and arranged everything.
Others start to reflect.Captain Benwick must vacate his room
They, then find another bed elsewhere; everything is solved.they
I only worry that the house cannot accommodate more; but
Maybe, by "putting the children in the maid’s room, or swinging
A crib somewhere," they can hardly bear to think that they can’t find a room
The other two or three, assuming they might want to stay; although,
Regarding any attendance of Miss Musgrove, no
The most uneasy to leave her in the care of Mrs. Havel.Mrs
Javier is a very experienced nurse, her nanny
Lived with her for a long time, walked around, that's it
other.Between the two, she doesn’t want anyone to attend
Day or night.And all this is said with truth and sincerity
Feel irresistible.Charles, Henrietta and Captain Wentworth are three
Consultation, for a while, it was just communication
Confusion and fear."Uppercross, the need for someone to go
To Upper Cross; the message to be delivered; how could it be broken by the husband
And Mrs. Musgrove; late in the morning; an hour has passed
Because they should leave; it can't be
Bearable time."At first, there was nothing they could do
The purpose is not to sigh like this; but after a while, Captain Wentworth
Exercising all the stops, said--

"We must make up our minds and we must not waste another minute.Every
Minutes are valuable.Some people must make up their minds to leave Upper Cross
immediately.Musgrove, you or I must go."

Charles agreed, but announced his determination not to leave.he
The captain and Mrs. Havel will be burdened as little as possible;
But for keeping his sister in this state, he neither should nor
will.So far, it has been decided; and Henrietta first announced
identical.However, she was quickly persuaded to empathize.This
The usefulness she left behind! She who can't stay
Luisa’s room, or looking at her, did not make her feel painful
Worse than helpless! She was forced to admit that she could do it
No, I still don’t want to leave until I’m touched
Thinking of mom and dad, she gave up; she agreed, she
Anxious to stay home.The plan has reached this point, when Annie quietly moved from
Louisa’s room, can’t help but hear the sound from behind, because the door of the living room
Is open."That's it, Musgrove," Captain Wentworth called. "You
Stay, I will take care of your sister and go home.But as for the rest, as
For others, if someone stays to help Mrs. Havel, I think it’s necessary
only one.Mrs. Charles Musgrove certainly hopes to return
Her child; but if Annie will stay, no one is like
Annie."

She paused for a moment and recovered from hearing her emotions
Talk about.The other two enthusiastically agreed with him, and then she
appear."You will stay, I'm sure; you will stay and take care of her;" he cried.
Turning to her, with a radiant and gentle tone,
Seems to be almost back to the past.Her color is very dark, and he
Think of myself and leave.She can express herself best
Willing, ready, happy to stay."This is what she has been thinking about
And hope to be allowed to do.A bed on the floor of Louisa's house
The room is enough for her, if Mrs. Havel will.."

One more thing, everything seems to be arranged.Although this is quite
I hope that Mr. and Mrs. Musgrove will be alarmed by some people in advance
Delay share; however, the time required for Uppercross horses
Their return will be a terrible extension of suspense; and the captain
Wentworth proposed, Charles Musgrove agreed, it would be a lot
It’s better to let him take a lounge chair from the inn and leave Mr. Musgrove’s
Early the next morning, the carriage will be sent home
Sending the record of Luisa's night will be a bigger advantage.Captain Wentworth is now hurriedly preparing everything,
Two ladies will follow soon.When the plan is made
Mary knows, however, all peace is over.She used to be
So miserable, so fierce, complaining about many injustices in life
Expected to leave, not Annie; Annie who is nothing to Louisa,
When she was her sister, she was most qualified to stay in Henrietta’s house
instead! Why is she not as useful as Annie? Then go home
There is no Charles, nor her husband! No, too unfriendly.with
In short, she said more than her husband could bear in the long term, and as
When he gave way, no one else could object and there was no help.
It; Mary's change to Annie is inevitable.Annie has never succumbed to jealousy and reluctantly
Mary's misjudgment; but it must be so, they set off
In town, Charles takes care of his sister and Captain Banwick attends
give her.As they hurried forward, she remembered for a moment
The small situation I witnessed earlier in the same place
morning.There, she listened to Henrietta's plan for the doctor.
Shirley was leaving Upper Cross; going further, she saw Mr. Elliott for the first time.
It seems that everything can be given to anyone except Louisa at this moment, or
Those who are wrapped in her benefits.Captain Benwick is very considerate to her. And, unity is
They all seemed to be bothered by the pain of the day, and she felt more and more
The degree of kindness to him, even if I think of it, I’m happy
Maybe this may be an opportunity for them to continue to meet.Captain Wentworth is watching them, there is also a deck chair and four
Wait, stationed at the bottom to facilitate them
Street; but he was obviously surprised and troubled by the replacement
One sister changed another, his face changed,
Shocked, the expression started and suppressed, Charles
Was listened to, but it was a humiliating reception to Annie; or must be
At least let her believe that she is valuable only because she can be useful to her
Luisa.She tries to be calm and calm.Did not follow
Emma's feelings for her Henry, she will participate
For him, Louisa’s enthusiasm is higher than the respect of ordinary people; and
She hoped that he would not be too wronged, thinking she would back down
Unnecessarily from a friend's office.At the same time, she was in the carriage.He gave them all,
Put yourself among them; and in this way, under these
Full of surprise and emotion for Annie, she withdrew
Lyme.How the long period will pass; how does it affect them
Manners; what is their sexual intercourse, she can't
Foresee.But everything is natural.He is committed to
Henrietta; always turns to her; when he speaks, always
To support her hopes and uplifting point of view.in
General, his voice and behavior are deliberately calm.To forgive Henrietta
From agitation seems to be the principle of governance.Only once, when she had
Sad for the last misjudgment and ill-fated walk to Cobb,
Lamenting painfully that someone had thought about it, he broke out, as
If you completely overcome--

"Stop talking, stop talking," he shouted."Oh my God! I have
Did not make way for her at the deadly moment! If I did what I should do! but
So longing, so decisive! Dear, dear Louisa! "

Annie wants to know if he wants to question now
The fairness and fairness of his own previous views on universal happiness
The strength of a firm character; and whether it might not hit him
Like all other qualities of the mind, it should have its own
Proportions and limits.She thinks he can hardly escape
I feel that a persuasive temper can sometimes be just as beneficial
Happiness as a very determined character.They are fast.Annie was surprised to find the same hills and
The same object so fast.Their actual speed is exacerbated by some kind of fear
Conclusion, make the road appear, but only half of the day
before.However, before they arrived, it was already very dark.
Near Upper Cross, there was silence around
For a while, Henrietta leaned in the corner wearing a shawl
On her face, it gave her the hope of crying and falling asleep;
When they climbed the last mountain, Annie found herself completely in
Once spoken by Captain Wentworth.He said in a low and cautious voice
Say: - 

"I've been thinking about what we best do.She must not appear in
First.She can't stand it.I keep wondering if you have
It's better not to stay in the carriage with her, wait for me to go in and break it
To Mr. and Mrs. Musgrove.Do you think this is a good plan? "

She did it: he was satisfied and stopped talking.But memories
The appeal is still a pleasure for her, as a proof of friendship, and
Respect her judgment and be very happy; when it becomes a
A parting proof that its value has not diminished.When Cross’s painful exchange was over, he had
Seeing father and mother as calm as hoped, and
Daughter is better with them, he announced his intentions
Return to Lyme in the same car;
Got the bait, he's gone.(End of Volume One.)



Chapter 13


Annie only understood two of her remaining time in Upper Cross
A few days, spent entirely in a mansion; she has
The satisfaction of knowing that you’re there is very useful, whether it’s as
Direct partner and assist in all these arrangements
In the future, under the insanity of the Musgroves,
Will be difficult.They received Lime’s early account the next morning.Louisa is a lot
the same.No more severe symptoms than before.Charles is coming
A few hours later, bring a later and more specific account.he
Fairly cheerful.Can’t expect a quick cure, but
Everything is in progress and the nature of the admitted cases.in
Speaking of the Havel family, he seems unable to satisfy his feelings
Their kindness, especially Mrs. Havel’s efforts as a nurse."She really didn't leave anything to Mary.He and Mary have been
I was persuaded to go to their inn earlier last night.Mary used to
Was hysterical again this morning.When he leaves, she wants
Go out with Captain Banwick, he hopes it will be good for her.he
I almost hope she can be persuaded to go home the day before;
But the truth is, Mrs. Havel did not leave it to anyone to do."

Charles will return to Lyme in the afternoon, his father is
I want to go with him for the first half of my life, but the ladies disagree.it
Will only increase trouble for others and increase his
Own distress; and followed a better plan and took action.A kind
The chaise longue was sent from Crookn, and Charles went back a long way.
One of the more useful old nanny at home, one
Raised all the children and saw the last one,
The lingering, long-loved Master Harry
Brothers, now live in her abandoned nursery to repair socks and
Pack all the pimples and bruises she can get close to, and who,
So it’s nice to be allowed to help the nurse
Dear Miss Louisa.The vague wish for Sarah to go there happened
Before Mrs. Musgrove and Henrietta; but without Annie, it’s hard
It has been resolved and soon found feasible.The next day, they owed Charles Hayter (Charles Hayter)
Louisa’s knowledge, which is acquired every
24 hours.He considers going to Lyme his own business, and his
The account is still encouraging.The interval of sensation and
Consciousness is considered stronger.Every report agrees
Captain Wentworth appears in Lyme.Annie is leaving them tomorrow. This is something they are afraid of.."What would they do without her? They are poor comforters
another."That's too much to say, Annie thought she
There is nothing better than conveying general tendencies among them
She knew and convinced them to go to Lyme immediately.she was
There is no difficulty; it is quickly decided that they are going; go
Tomorrow, fix yourself at the inn, or live in the lodging, because it
Fit until dear Louisa can be moved.They must be
Get rid of some of the troubles of the good people with her; they may
At least so that Mrs. Havel no longer needs to take care of her children; and in
In short, they were so happy with this decision that Annie was so happy
Everything she did and felt she could not spend her last morning
Assist them in preparing and sending
They left early, even though she was left in a lonely range
The result of the house is.She is the last, except for the little boy in the hut, she is the last
In the end, the only one left is full of vitality
Two houses, among all the factors that give Uppercross a cheerful personality.It did change in a few days!

If Luisa recovers, everything will be fine.More than before
Happiness will be restored.Without a doubt, in her opinion
No, what will happen after she recovers.A few months later,
The room is now so desolate, occupied only by her silent, contemplative self,
May be full of joy and happiness again, everything
Shining in the prosperous love, all this is the most different from Annie
Eliot!

One hour of complete leisure time to think like this, in the dark
One day in November, a light rain almost obscured a handful of
What can be distinguished from the window is enough to make
The voice of Mrs. Russell’s carriage is very popular; however, although
Longing to leave, she can’t leave the mansion, nor can she look
Farewell to the cabin, the black, dripping and uncomfortable balcony,
Even noticed the last inconspicuous apartment through dim glasses
The village, there is no sad heart.The Uppercross scene is over
This makes it precious.It records many feelings
Pain, once severe, but now softened; and some examples of concessions
Feeling, some breath of friendship and reconciliation, this can
Will never be looked for again, and will never stop dear.she was
Leave it all behind, only the memories of these things are left
been.Annie has never been in Kelich since she left Mrs. Russell's house.
In september.It’s not necessary, and it’s a few occasions
Maybe let her go to the hall she deliberately avoided
Escape from.Her first return was to restore her status in modern times
And cabin elegant apartment, and please its eyes
mistress.Mrs. Russell’s joy to see her was mixed with anxiety.She knows who frequents Uppercross.But the good news is that whether it is Annie
Improvement in plumpness and appearance, or Mrs. Russell fantasizing about her;
When Annie accepted her compliment,
The joy of connecting them with the silent admiration of her cousin,
And hope she can get the second spring of youth
And beautiful.When they started to talk, she soon noticed a certain psychology
change.The topic she was full of when she left
Kelich, she felt despised and forced
Choking in Musgroves is now a secondary benefit.She hasn't even seen her father, sister and Buss recently..Their worries have been dispelled by Uppercross. Be a lady
Russell restored their previous hopes and fears and spoke her thoughts
Satisfied with the house in Camden Square, has been taken away, and
She regretted that Mrs. Clay should still be with them, and Anne would
I am ashamed to let others know what she thinks of Lyme
And Louisa Musgrove, and all her acquaintances there; how many more
She is interested in the family and friendship of the Javiers.
Captain Benwick, not her father’s house in Camden Square, or she
The close relationship between my sister and Mrs. Clay.She was actually forced to use force
She went to see Mrs. Russell by herself, her appearance was equal
Caring, on topics that essentially require her first.At first they were a little awkward when talking about the other one
theme.They must talk about Lyme's accident.Mrs. Russell has
It’s not five minutes before the day before, when a complete account
The whole person burst on her; but it still has to be talked about, she has to
Asked, she must regret her indiscretion, regret the result, and
Both must mention the name of Captain Wentworth.Annie is conscious
Not as good as Mrs. Russell.She can't name her,
Look into Mrs. Russell's eyes until she adopts
The expediency of simply telling her her views on attachment
Between him and Louisa.When this incident was told, his name made her feel bad
Longer.Mrs. Russell had to listen calmly, wishing them happiness, but
Deep down, her heart was immersed in the pleasure and contempt of anger,
The 23-year-old man seems right
The value of Annie Elliott should be fascinated after eight years
Author: Louisa Musgrove.The first three or four days were the quietest, without any circumstances
Mark them, except for a note or two from Lime,
Found the way to find Annie, she didn’t know what was going on, and brought
Improve Louisa's account.At the end of that period, Mrs. Russell’s
Politeness can no longer rest, and weak self-threat
The past became a firm tone, "I must visit Mrs. Croft; I really
Must call her as soon as possible.Annie, you have the courage to go with me and pay the price
Visit that house? This is a test for both of us."

Annie didn't flinch. On the contrary, she really felt that she
In the observation that-

"I think you are likely to suffer most of both; your
Feel less comfortable with this change than me.By staying in
Neighbourhood, i'm used to it."

She could have said more about this topic. Because she actually has such a high
The opinion of the Crofts and her father was very lucky
His tenants feel that the parish is a good example, and
Poor best attention and relief, no matter how sorry and ashamed
Regarding the necessity of relocation, she had to feel conscientiously
Those who shouldn't have left are gone, Kelich Hall
Has been mastered by someone better than its owner.These beliefs must
Undoubtedly have their own pain, and the violent is its kind; but they
Ruled out the pain that Mrs. Russell suffered when entering
Move again, go back through the well-known apartment.At such a moment, Annie couldn’t speak to herself: “These rooms
Should only belong to us.Oh, how depraved their destination is! how is it
Not worthy of being occupied! An ancient family was driven away like this!
Strangers come to fill their place! "No, unless she thinks of her
Mom, remembering the place where she once sat and hosted, she
No sigh at that description.Mrs. Croft always met her kindly, which made her very happy.
Fancy that I am the favorite, in the current situation, received
She received special attention in that house.Lyme’s tragic accident quickly became a hot topic.
Comparing their latest invalid accounts, it seems that each
The lady counted her wisdom from the same hour yesterday; that
Captain Wentworth has been in Kelich yesterday (since
Accident), brought Annie the last note, she didn’t
The exact steps that can be traced; stay for a few hours and then
Back to Lyme again, there is currently no plan to quit
No more.He asked her about it, and she found that, especially; there is
Expressed his hope that Miss Eliot would not be worse to her
Work hard and say that these efforts are great.this is
Handsome, gave her more fun than anything else
finished.As for the tragic disaster itself, it can only be summarized in a word
A style designed by a few prudent and wise women whose judgment must
Deal with a certain event; and perfectly determine that it has
Is the result of many indiscretions and indiscretions; that
Its impact is the most shocking, and the frightening thing is how
The long-term recovery of Miss Musgrove may still be questionable, how much responsibility she has
Still have to suffer a concussion in the future! This
The admiral suddenly exclaimed--

"Hey, what a terrible business.A new way for a young man
The guy making love, by breaking his mistress’s head, isn’t it,
Miss Eliot? This is really a plaster on the head! "

Admiral Croft's manners are not suitable for ladies
Russell, but they make Annie happy.His kindness and simplicity
Irresistible character."Now, it must be bad for you," he said, suddenly
Little reverie, "Come here to find us.I do not have
I remembered it before, I declare, but it must be terrible.But now, do
Not standing in the ceremony.Got up and turned over all the rooms in the house
If you like."

"Next time, sir, I thank you, not now."

"Well, as long as it suits you.You can sneak in through the bushes
Any time; there you will find us hanging umbrellas on
That door.Isn't it a good place? But "(check yourself)" you
Don't think this is a good place, because your place is always in
Butler's room.Yes, always, i believe.One's way may be
As good as others, but we all like our best.So you must
Judge for yourself if it's better for you
House or not."

Annie found out that she might reject it and did so very gratefully."We have hardly made any changes," the admiral continued.
Thought for a while."Rarely.We told you about the laundry door, in
Go to the cross.This is a very big improvement.The miracle is,
How can any family on earth endure the inconvenience caused by it
Open it as it is, for so long! You will tell Sir Walter what we have
Finished, Mr. Shepard thinks this is the biggest improvement of the house
There have been.Indeed, I must be fair to say that a few people
The changes we have made are very good.mine
The wife deserves their trust, but.I do very little
Except for some big mirrors that sent me away
The locker room, that's your father's.A very nice person and very
I’m sure of this gentleman: but I should think about it, Miss Elliott." (Looking at
Think seriously), "I should think he must be a well-dressed person
Time in a person's life.So many glasses! Oh my God!
Can't get rid of self.So I asked Sophie to lend me one
Hands, we quickly moved their residence; now I am very comfortable with
There is my little shaving glass in the corner, and another great thing
Never come close."

Annie couldn't help but feel funny, but she was quite distressed to get an answer.
The admiral was worried that he might not be polite, so he started
It's this topic again, saying--

"Next time you write to your good father Miss Elliott, pray for
He complimented me and Mrs. Croft and said we settle down here
Very much in line with our liking, and no mistakes in this place were found at all.The chimney in the breakfast room is a bit smoky, I admit it, but it’s just
This may not happen when the wind blows hard from the north.
One winter.And fully accept it now that we have entered
Most of the nearby houses can be judged, none of them are us
Like better than this.Pray with my praise.He will be
Nice to hear."

Mrs. Russell and Mrs. Croft are very satisfied with each other: but
The acquaintance at the beginning of this visit is destined to not go too far
Show; because when it was returned, the Crofts announced that they
Leave for a few weeks to visit their contacts in the north
People in the county may not be at home again before Mrs.
Russell will move to Bath.So ended all the dangers of Annie meeting Captain Wentworth in Kelich
Hall, or see him with her friends.Everything is safe
Enough, she smiled at the many anxieties she wasted
theme.Chapter 14


Although Charles and Mary were in Mr. Lyme and
Mrs. Musgrove's whereabouts Biannie imagined they could have gone
Yes, they are still the first people in the family to come home; and
They drove there as soon as they returned to Uppercross
hostel.They made Louisa start to sit up. But her head,
Although clear, but very weak, her nerves are easily affected
Highest tenderness; although she may be declared
Generally speaking, she did a good job, can’t tell when she
May be able to withstand the move; with her father and mother, they
Must come back in time to welcome their little ones for Christmas
During the holidays, there is almost no hope of being allowed to take her with him.They lived in the dormitory together.Mrs. Musgrove got Mrs.
Javier’s children leave as much as possible, all possible supplies
Furniture from Uppercross has been arranged to reduce
The Javiers, and the Javiers have always wanted them to come to dinner
Every day; in short, it seems to be just everyone’s struggle
Which party should be the most selfless and hospitable.Mary has her sins; but in general, as she has shown
After living for so long, she found that enjoyment is more than suffering.Charles
The number of times Hait came to Lime was more suitable for her than her. When they dine
There is only one maid waiting for the Javier family, and
First, Mrs. Havel always gave priority to Mrs. Musgrove; but then,
She received a very handsome apology after she found out
Whose daughter is she, so many things happen every day,
Walked a lot between their residence and Havel’s house,
She brought books from the library and changed them so often that
Balance is definitely good for Lyme.She used to
Was also taken to Chamouth, she took a bath, went to church,
There are still many people in the church to watch
Lembey is in Upper Cross; and all this is combined with the immersive feeling
Very useful, spent a very enjoyable two weeks.Annie asked Captain Banwick.Mary's face is directly covered with clouds.Charles smiled."Oh! Captain Benwick is very good, I believe, but he is a very strange person
young people.I don't know where he will be.We invite him
Come home with us for a day or two: Charles promised to give him some
Shooting, he seems to be happy, as far as I'm concerned, I think
Everything is resolved; when to watch! On Tuesday night, he did an embarrassing thing
Some kind of excuse; "He never shoots" and he is "misunderstood",
He promised this, he promised that, and its end
I found out that he didn't come on purpose.I guess he is scared
Feel boring; but according to my words, I should think we are very lively
For a heartbroken person like Captain Banwick, being in the cabin is enough."

Charles laughed again and said, "Now, Mary, you know how it is
Really are.You did it all," (turns to Annie.)"he thinks
If he goes with us, he will find you nearby: he fantasizes
Everyone lives in Uppercross; when he found that lady
Russell lives three miles away, his heart disappoints him, he doesn’t
Courage to come.This is a fact, in my honor.Mary knows this is."

But Mary didn’t give in very kindly, whether or not
Considering the birth and situation of Captain Benwick
Love an Eliot, or don’t want to believe that Annie is greater
She is more attractive to Uppercross than herself and must be left to speculation.However, Annie’s kindness was not diminished by what she heard.She boldly admitted that she was flattered and continued to inquire."Oh! He talked about you," Charles called. "That's it—" Mary
Interrupted him."I declare, Charles, I never heard him mention Annie
I have been there twice.I declare, Annie, he never talks about you
fundamental."

"No," Charles admitted, "I don't know he ever did it. Generally speaking
Way; but, obviously, he appreciates you
very much.His head is full of some books he is reading
Your recommendation, he wants to talk to you; he has
Something he thought was found in one of them-oh! I
Can’t pretend to remember it, but it’s very good--I
I overheard him telling Henrietta all this; then "Miss Elliott"
Have been talked about in the highest terms! Now Mary, I declare so, I
I heard it myself, and you are in another room.'Elegant, sweet,
beautiful.' Oh! The charm of Miss Eliot is endless."

"And I'm sure," Mary exclaimed warmly, "it has little effect on him.
Credit if he did.Miss Javier died last June.Such a heart is
Rarely is worth owning; is it, Mrs. Russell? I believe you will
Agree with me."

"Before I decide, I must see Captain Benwick," said Mrs. Russell.
smile."And you will most likely do it soon, I can tell you, ma'am,"
Charles says."Although he didn't have the courage to leave with us, and
Then set off again here for an official visit, he will
One day he goes to Kelich by himself, you can rely on it.I
Tell him the distance and the road, I told him the church
Very worth seeing; because he likes that kind of stuff
Thing, I think it’s a good excuse, he listened
All his understanding and soul; I believe that from his attitude, you
He will call soon.So, let me inform you, Mrs. Russell.."

"Anyone who knows Annie will be welcomed by me," said the lady
Russell's kind answer."Oh! As an acquaintance of Anne," Mary said, "I think he is
My acquaintance, because I have seen him every day recently
Two weeks."

"Then, as your mutual acquaintance, I will be happy to see
Captain Benwick."

"You won’t find anything pleasant in him, I assure you, madam.He is one of the dullest young people ever.He worked with
I sometimes go from one end of the beach to the other, needless to say
word.He is not an educated young man at all.I believe you will not
like him."

"That's our difference, Mary," Annie said."I think Mrs. Russell would like
he.I think she will be so satisfied with his idea that she
It will soon be discovered that there is no defect in his behavior."

"Me too, Annie," Charles said."I believe Mrs. Russell will like him.He's just like Mrs. Russell.Give him a book and he will finish reading all
All day."

"Yes, he will!" Mary cried mockingly."He would sit and study
Reading his book, I don’t know when someone talks to him, or when
Drop the scissors, or whatever happens.Do you think little sister
Russell willing? "

Mrs. Russell couldn't help but laugh."According to my words," she said, "I
I shouldn’t think I can admit anyone’s opinion
Conjecture, the difference between stability and facts, I might
Call myself.I really want to see who can give
Opportunities for this directly opposite concept.I hope he can be induced
Call here.When he does this, Mary, you might believe me
Opinion; but I am determined not to judge him in advance."

"You won't like him, I will answer for you."

Mrs. Russell started talking about other things.Mary and
They met with Mr. Elliott or more precisely the missing animation
Abnormally."He is a man," said Mrs. Russell, "I don't want to see him..his
Refused to get along well with his family and left
A strong impression of him not liking me."

This decision stopped Mary’s desire and prevented her from
On Eliot's face.Regarding Captain Wentworth, although Annie did not risk asking,
Have enough voluntary communication.His spirit has
As expected, it has recovered greatly recently.As Louisa progressed, he
Has improved, he is now a completely different creature
Is already the first week.He has not met Luisa; and very
Fearing that the interview would have any bad consequences for her, he did
Don’t force it at all; and, on the contrary, there seems to be a plan
Leave for a week or ten days until her head is stronger.He has
Speaking of going to Plymouth for a week and want to persuade
Captain Benwick went with him; but, as Charles insisted to the end,
Captain Benwick seems more willing to ride to Kelich.There is no doubt that both Mrs. Russell and Annie occasionally
Thinking of Captain Banwick, from this time on.Mrs. Russell can't
Hear the doorbell without thinking that it might be his messenger; nor
Can Annie come back from any stroll she indulged alone?
Father’s land, or any charity visit in the village, no
Wondering if she will see him or hear him.Captain Benwick
But did not come.He either doesn't like it as much as Charles
Imagine, or he is too shy; after giving him a week of indulgence,
Mrs. Russell believes he is not worthy of his interest
Already excited.The Musgrove family returns to greet their happy boys and girls
School, with Mrs. Havel’s children, raise
Uppercross noise, and reduce Lyme noise.Henrietta stayed
With Luisa; but the whole family is back to normal
dorm room.Mrs. Russell and Anne greeted them once, when Anne
I can't help but feel that Upper Cross has come alive.Although Henrietta, Louisa, Charles Haight and the captain
Wentworth is there, and the room presents the strongest possible contrast
Hope she sees its last state.Next to Mrs. Musgrove is the Jr. Havel family. They
She worked tirelessly to protect the tyranny from her two children
Hut, specially to entertain them.One side is a table
Occupied by some chattering girls, cutting silk and gold paper; and
On the other side is the mainspring and the tray, which bend under the weight of the muscles
And cold pies, the boys partying there; the whole
Completed by the blazing Christmas fire, it seems determined
I heard it, even though the others are noisy.Charles and Mary also
Of course, when they came in during their visit, Mr. Musgrove made a point
Pay tribute to Mrs. Russell and sit next to her ten times
Minutes, speak in a very high voice, but from the noisy
Children kneel on the ground, generally in vain.This is a good family work.Annie, judging from her own temperament, would think such a
The domestic hurricane severely repaired Louisa's nerves
The disease must have such a big shock.But Mrs. Musgrove, she got Anne
Deliberately approached her and thanked her most sincerely again and again,
All her attention to them, summed up a short summary of what
She looked around in pain through observation
The room, after all she has experienced, there is nothing to do
She is a little quiet and happy at home.Luisa is now recovering quickly.Her mother can even think of her
Be able to attend their party at home before her siblings
Go to school again.The Javier family agreed to go with her
Stay in Uppercross, whenever she comes back.Captain Wentworth is gone,
Currently, going to Shropshire to meet his brother."I hope I will remember in the future," said Mrs. Russell.
They were relocated on the carriage, "Don’t
Chrismas holiday."

Everyone has their own taste in noise and other things; and
The sound is quite harmless, or the most painful, rather than
Than their number.Not long after Mrs. Russell,
Enter Bath on a wet afternoon and drive through the long route
From the old bridge to the streets of Camden Square, among the bustling crowd
The rumble of other carriages, carts and trailers,
Newspaper workers, muffin chefs and milkmen, and endless clinking sounds
pattens, she didn't complain.No, these are noises
To enjoy the fun of winter; her spirits cheer up under their influence; and
Like Mrs. Musgrove, she felt, although she did not say, being
Having been in the country for a long time, there is nothing better for her than being quiet
Cheerful.Annie didn't share these feelings.She insisted very firmly,
Although very reluctant to Bath; captured the first dim view
Vast building, smoking, don’t want to see
They are better; feel that their progress on the street is, however
Unpleasant, but too fast; because who is happy when she sees her
Arrived? Looking back at the hustle and bustle of the past with affectionate regret
Uppercross and Kelich's seclusion.Elizabeth’s last letter conveyed some people’s news
interest.Mr. Elliott in Bath.He once called in Camden Square; yes
The second time, the third time; already very careful.in case
Elizabeth and her father did not deceive themselves and have been taking
Working hard to find acquaintances and promote each other’s value
Contact, because he has been so painstakingly negligent before.this is
If this is true, that’s great; Mrs. Russell is in a very
The curiosity and confusion about Mr. Elliott have been given up
The emotion she recently expressed to Mary that he is "a man
Someone she doesn't want to see."She really wants to see him.if he
Really trying to reconcile himself like a conscientious branch, he must be
Forgive me for dismembering myself from the patrilineal tree.Annie was not inspired by this situation, but she
Think she would rather see Mr. Elliott again than see again, which is even more
Than she said to many others in Bath.She was imprisoned in Camden Square; then Mrs. Russell drove up to her
Own residence, on Rivers Street.Chapter 15


Sir Walter bought a very nice house in Camden Square
Dignified situations, such as being an influential person; and they
Elizabeth settled down there, which made them very satisfied.Annie entered it with a perverted heart and was expected to be imprisoned
For months, I said to myself anxiously: "Oh! When will I leave?
Are you here again? "An unexpected kindness, however, in welcoming
She received it, she did a good job.Her father and sister are very happy to see
She, in order to show her the house and furniture, and met her
With kindness.When they sat down for dinner, she made the fourth
Seen as an advantage.Mrs. Clay is very amiable and smiling, but her polite and
Smile more for granted.Annie always thinks she
Will pretend that something is right when she arrives, but
No one else found.They are clearly in good spirits,
She will hear the reason soon.They have no intention
Listen to her.After arranging some deep compliments
Regret for the old block that Annie couldn’t pay, they
Only some faint inquiries, all must be done before the conversation
Their own.Uppercross is excited and not interested, Kellynch rarely: it
It's all Bath.They happily assure her that Bass is more than just answering
Their expectations in all aspects.Their house is undoubtedly
The best Camden Place; their living room has many obvious advantages
Above all others they have seen or heard of, and
Undiminished advantages in decoration style or taste
Furniture.Their acquaintance has been greatly sought after.Everyone wants to visit them.They backed away from many people
Introduction, there will always be cards left by people
They don't know who.Here are the funds to enjoy.Annie would want to know her father and
Is sister happy? She may not be surprised, but she must sigh that her
Father should not feel inferior to his changes and should not see anything
Regrets the responsibilities and dignity of the resident landowners and should
Finding a lot of things in a small place in a small town is futile; she must
Sighed, smiled, and also surprised because Elizabeth opened
Folding door, happily walked from a living room to
Others, brag about their own space; under the possibility of that woman, who
Has always been the mistress of Kelich Hall, found a level to be proud of
Between the two walls, maybe thirty feet away.But this is not all that makes them happy.They have a sir
Eliot too.Annie heard a lot about Mr. Elliott.He is not
Just pardoned, they are very satisfied with him.He was in Bath about
Two weeks; (He passed Bath in November and went to
London, the intelligence of when Sir Walter settled there has been
Arrived at him of course, although there are only twenty-four hours, but
He failed to use it;) but he is now a
After two weeks in Bath, his first goal when he arrived was to leave
His business card in Camden Square followed up with such hard work
Meet, when they meet, with such a big open act,
So willing to apologize for the past, so caring
Accepted as a relationship again, their previous good understanding is
Completely rebuilt.They didn't find his fault.He has explained all
Performance of neglect of oneself.It originated from
Totally misunderstood.He never thought about throwing himself
Leave; he was afraid of being dumped, but didn’t know why, and
Delicious keeps him silent.Hint of talking
Disrespect or carelessly treat family and family honor, he
Very angry.He once boasted that he was Eliot,
They have too strict feelings about the connection to adapt to
Today's non-feudal tone.He was really surprised, but his
Character and general behavior must refute it.He can refer to Mr.
Walter to everyone who knows him; of course, the pain he has been enduring
In this regard, the first chance of reconciliation is to be restored to
The foothold of the relationship and the presumption of heir is his strong proof
Opinions on this issue.His marriage was also found to be admitted a lot
extend.This is an essay that he cannot fill out by himself; but
A very close friend of his, Colonel Wallis, a very respected
Man, the perfect gentleman, (not an ugly-looking man, Sir Walter
Supplement), he leads a very good life in the Marlborough House, and
Accepted by their acquaintances under his own special request
Through Mr. Elliott, one or two things were mentioned with
Marriage, which had a substantial impact on its reputation.Colonel Wallis has known Mr. Elliott for a long time, and he is very familiar with it.
And his wife, have fully understood the whole story.She used to be
Of course it’s not a housewife, but a well-educated, accomplished, and wealthy woman.
And love his friends too much.charming.She had looked for him.Without this attraction, her money would not
Elliott has been tempted, and Sir Walter is convinced of her
Used to be a good woman.This is a big softening
business.A very good woman, with huge wealth, fall in love with him!
Sir Walter seemed to admit that this was a complete apology. Although Elizabeth
Unable to see the situation in such a favorable light, she
Make it a good excuse.Obviously, Mr. Elliott had called them many times and had dinner with them.
Very happy to be invited because they did not provide dinner
Generally speaking; in short, be happy with the evidence that every cousin has noticed, and
Put all his happiness in close contact with Camden Square.Annie listened, but didn't quite understand.Allowance, big
She knows that she must have reservations about the ideas of those who speak.She heard all this under the embellishment.All sounds extravagant or
Irrationality in the reconciliation process may have no origin
But in the language of the related person.However, she still has
There is nothing more than the immediate feeling, in
Mr. Elliott hopes to get better after so many years
Received by them.In the eyes of the world, he did not get any benefits
Relationship with Sir Walter; a state of change without any risk.in
It is possible that he is already the rich of the two, and Kelich
Property will definitely belong to his future like a title.A sensible person,
And he is a very sensible person, how could he be the target?
give him? She can only provide a solution; maybe for
Elizabeth's sake.I might really like it before,
Although convenience and accidents led him to a different path; now
He has the ability to please himself, he may want to pay for his
Give her the address.Elizabeth is of course very handsome, with
Educated and elegant, her character may never be
Was infiltrated by Mr. Eliot, knew her, but in public, and at a very young age
he himself.How does her temper and understanding stand up to investigation
The sharper time in his current life is another issue, not one
scary.She most sincerely hopes that he will not be too
If Elizabeth is his target, that would be great, or too careful; and that Elizabeth
Tends to believe in herself, her friend Mrs. Clay is
Encouraging this idea, a glance or two between them seemed obvious,
And Mr. Elliott’s frequent visits are talked about.Annie mentioned her glimpse of him in Lyme, but no
Much attention."Oh! Yes, maybe Mr. Elliott.They don't know.Maybe he, maybe."They don't understand
Her description of him.They describe him by themselves; sir
Especially Walter.He treats his gentlemanly demeanor fairly
His appearance, his elegant and fashionable temperament, his good face, his
Keen eyes; but at the same time, "must be very lamented for his existence
Underhang, a defect that seems to increase in time; he can’t
Pretend that almost every feature has not changed in ten years
Worse.Mr. Elliott seems to think he (Sir Walter) is
It looks exactly like what he did when they separated last time;" But Sir Walter
Has "can't fully respond to compliments, it's already
Embarrass him.However, he didn't mean to complain.Mr. Elliott is
Better-looking than most men, and he has no objection to being seen
Be with him anytime, anywhere."

Mr. Elliot and his friends at Marlborough Buildings talked about
whole night."Colon Wallis can't wait to be introduced
give them! Mr. Elliott is very anxious, he should do it! "Then there is a lady
Wallis, currently only they know from the description, because she is
Expectation of her confinement every day; but Mr. Elliott said she was "a
The most attractive woman, well deserved in Camden Square," and
Once she recovers, they will meet.Sir Walter
Mrs. Wallis is very important; she is said to be too beautiful
Woman beautiful."He really wants to see her.He hoped she could make some
To make up for the many very ordinary faces he kept passing by
street.The worst thing about Bath is its number of ordinary women.he made it
Not that there are no beautiful women, but the number of beautiful women
Plains disproportionately.He often observes because he
Walk on, with thirty followed by that handsome face, or
Fifty or thirty shocks; once, he was standing in a Bond shop
On the street, he counted eighty-seven women, one after another,
No face to bear.It's cold at first
In the morning, it is certain that there was a severe frost and almost no woman was in the
A thousand stand the test.But still, there must be one
There are so many ugly women in Bath; as for men! they
Infinitely bad.Scarecrows are everywhere in the street!
Obviously, these women are not used to seeing anything
The effect of a decent person is tolerable.he
Never walked anywhere with Colonel Wallis arm in arm (he’s a
Excellent soldier image, although tan hair) did not notice every
Women’s eyes are on him; every woman’s eyes must be on the colonel.
Wallis."Humble Sir Walter! He was not allowed to escape, but.His daughter and Mrs. Clay have joined forces to suggest Colonel Wallis
Companion’s body may be as good as Colonel Wallis, of course
Not yellow hair."How does Mary look?" Sir Walter said, at his best.
humor."The last time I saw her, her nose was red, but I hope
May not happen every day."

"Oh! No, it must be accidental.In general, she has been
Since Michael Mars, the body is very healthy and the appearance is very good."

"If I think it won’t tempt her to go out in the wind and grow up
Rough, I will give her a new hat and pelisse."

Annie is considering whether she should risk suggesting a dress,
Or hats, will not be affected by any such misuse, when percussion
The door suspended everything."Knock! It's so late! Yes
ten o'clock.Could it be Mr. Eliot? They knew he was going to eat
Lansdowne Crescent.He might stop on the way home
Ask how they do it.They can't think of other people.Mrs. Clay
Resolutely believe that it was Mr. Elliott's knock on the door."Mrs. Clay is right.all
The status that a butler and servant can provide, Mr. Elliot is ushered in
Enter that room.It’s the same, the same man, except for the clothes..Annie stepped back a bit, while the others accepted his compliments, and then
Her sister was sorry to call during such an unusual hour, but "he
It's impossible to get so close without wishing to know her and her
My friend caught a cold the day before," &c.& C; It's all like
Finish politely and take as politely as possible, but her part must
Follow then.Sir Walter spoke of his youngest daughter; "Mr. Eliot
He must be allowed to introduce him to his youngest daughter" (with
No chance to remember Mary); and Annie, smiling, blushing, very
Appropriately showed Mr. Elliott a beautiful face he had never had before
Means to be forgotten, and to see immediately, to be interesting in his small beginning
Surprisingly, he doesn’t even know who she is.he
Looks completely surprised, but not more surprised than happy; his
Eyes light up! He welcomed with the most perfect warmth
Relationship, alluding to the past, and begging to be accepted as
Already acquainted.He is as good-looking as he appeared
In Lime, his face improved by speaking and his manners were the same
Just what they should be, so beautiful, so simple, so special
Pleasant, she can compare their excellence to just one
Human behavior.They are not the same, but they, maybe,
Equally good.He sat down with them and greatly improved their conversation.There is no doubt that he is a wise man.Ten minutes is
Enough to prove.His tone, his expression, his choice
Subject, he knows where to stop; this is entirely an operation
Sane and keen mind.As soon as he had the opportunity, he started and
Lime’s, she wants to compare her opinions about this place, but
I especially want to talk about their experience
Be a guest of the same inn at the same time; give your own route,
Understand some of her things and regret that he should have lost something like this
An opportunity to pay her respect.She gave him a brief
Description of her party and business in Lyme.His regret increases with his increase
Listened.He spent the whole night in the room
Next to them; heard the sound and laughed constantly; thought they
It must be the most pleasant group of people, eager to be with them, but
Of course there is no doubt that he has a shadow
Introduce yourself right.If he only asked who is the party
Yes! Musgrove’s name is enough to tell him."Well, it
Will help heal his absurd practice of never asking anyone
Asking questions in a hotel, when he was a young man, he was in the hotel
The principle of curiosity is impolite."The idea of ​​a young man of one or two and twenty," he said, "about
The behavior necessary to make him such a person is more of
I believe it’s more absurd than any other creature in the world.The stupidity of the methods they often use can only be compared with
Stupidity in their eyes."

But he must never express his thoughts to Annie alone: ​​he knows
It; he quickly spread among others again, and only in
The interval at which he can return to Lyme.However, his inquiry eventually produced her description of the scene.
Soon after he left this place, he worked there.have
Alluding to "accident", he must hear the whole.When he questioned,
Sir Walter and Elizabeth also began to question, but the difference between the two
The way they do things is lawless.She can only compare
Mr. Elliott to Mrs. Russell, hoping to truly understand
Passed, and the degree of concern for the pain she must suffer
Witness it.He stayed with them for an hour.Elegant little clock on the mantelpiece
With its silver tone rang "Eleventh", the watchman was
Began to hear the same story telling in the distance, before Mr.
Elliott or any of them seemed to think he had been there for a long time.Annie couldn't imagine her first night
Camden Square could have been very good!



Chapter 16


One thing is that when Annie returns to her family,
Thank you for being more sure than Mr. Elliott when he is in love
With Elizabeth, that is, her father did not fall in love with Mrs.
Clay; she was very uncomfortable with this when she was there
A few hours home.When she went downstairs for breakfast the next morning, she
Found a decent disguise around the lady
What to leave them.She could imagine Mrs. Clay saying,
"Now that Miss Anne is here, she can't even think that she wants it;"
Because Elizabeth replied in a whisper: "That must be nothing
Reason, indeed.I assure you I can't feel it.She is nothing to me
Compared to you;" and she just heard her father say,
"My dear lady, this shouldn't be.So far you haven't seen anything
bath.You are here just to be useful.You can't run away
from now on.You must stay to meet Mrs. Wallis,
Beautiful lady wallis.In your opinion, I know very well
Beauty is a real satisfaction."

He spoke and looked so serious, and Annie was not surprised.
Saw Mrs. Clay sneaking a glance at Elizabeth and herself.she was
Maybe, there may be some alertness on the face; but praise
The beauty of the heart didn't seem to inspire her sister's thoughts.This
The lady had to succumb to such a common plea and promised to stay.On the same morning, Annie and her father had the opportunity to become
Alone, he began to praise her for improving her appearance; he
Think she "on her body, her cheeks, her skin, her
Skin tone is greatly improved; clearer and fresher.If she uses any
What's in particular? "No, nothing."It's just Gao Lan," he guessed."No, nothing."  "what! He was surprised by this;" and added,
"Of course, you can’t do better than keep the status quo; you can’t
Do better than do better; or I should recommend Gowland, keep using
Gao Lan, in spring.Mrs. Clay has been using it in my house
Recommended, you will see what it did for her.What do you think of it
Took away her freckles."

If Elizabeth could hear this! Such personal praise may
Moved her, especially from Annie's point of view,
Freckles are completely reduced.But everything must seize the opportunity.The evil of marriage will be greatly reduced if Elizabeth also
marry.As for herself, she may always direct a home with Lady
Russell.Mrs. Russell's calm attitude and polite manner have been put to the test
At this point, during her intercourse in Camden Square.Lady's sight
Clay is so popular and so overlooked for Annie, it’s an eternal
Provoke her there; annoy her when she is away, like a
People who drink in Bath, get all the new publications, and
There is a very big acquaintance who has time to worry.As Mr. Elliott became known to her, she became more charitable, or more
Indifference to others.His behavior immediately
Recommend; while talking to him, she found such a complete solid
Support the superficial, she was like this at the beginning, as she told Annie,
"Almost ready to exclaim, "Will this be Mr. Eliot?" "And can't
Seriously imagine yourself a more likable or respectable person.Everything is integrated in him; good understanding, correct opinion,
Knowledge and warm heart of the world.He has strong feelings
Family attachment and family honor, without pride or weakness; he
Living in the generosity of the rich, without showing off; he
Judge for yourself in all necessary matters, not against the public
Any opinion of secular etiquette.He is steady and careful,
Be gentle and frank; never be evaded by spirit or selfishness,
Fantasize about strong feelings; however, yes
What is amiable, is the value of all happiness
Family life, fanciful passion and violent character
Restlessness is rarely really owned.She was sure he didn't
Happy marriage.Colonel Wallis said so, and Mrs. Russell saw it;
But it’s not the unpleasantness that upsets him, nor is it (she started to be pretty
Will soon doubt) to prevent him from thinking of the second option.she was
Mr. Eliot’s satisfaction surpassed all Mrs. Clay’s troubles..Ever since Annie started to know that she and her
Good friends sometimes think differently; it doesn’t
Therefore, to her surprise, Mrs. Russell could not see anything.
Suspicious or inconsistent, nothing needs more motivation than
Appeared in Mr. Elliott’s strong desire for reconciliation.In the lady
In Russell’s view, Mr. Elliott is in a mature
In life, you should feel that it is the most yearning object, what will
Recommend him very generally among all wise people to keep him in good shape
Relationship with the head of the household; the simplest process in the world
Time is naturally clear, making mistakes only in the heyday
youth.However, Annie thinks she still smiles at this, and finally
Mention "Elizabeth."Mrs. Russell listened and watched, only doing
This cautious answer:-"Elizabeth! Very good; time will explain."

This is a reference to the future, Annie, after a while
Observe and feel that she must obey.She can't be sure about anything
Show off.Elizabeth must be first in that house; she is
Commonly observed habits like "Miss Elliott", any
The particularity of attention seems almost impossible.Mr. Eliot is the same
It must be remembered that I have not been a widower for seven months.a little
The delay on his side may be excusable.In fact, Annie can never
See the crepe around his hat, don’t worry she is
It is unforgivable to attribute such imagination to him; although
His marriage is not very happy, but there are still so many
For years she could not understand from
The terrible impression of being disbanded.Regardless of the ending, he is undoubtedly their happiest
Met in Bath: she saw that no one can compare him; this is a great
Occasionally indulge and talk to him about Lyme, he seems
Desire to see again and see more like herself.They reviewed many details of their first meeting
Times.He made her understand that he looked at her with some eyes
serious.She is very clear. She remembers another person's
Also take a look.Their thoughts are not always the same.His rank and relationship value
Feels bigger than hers.It's not just a compliment
He must have liked this career, which made him enter her with enthusiasm
Father and sister's concern for topics she thinks are not worthwhile
Inspire them.One morning, Bath Paper announced
Viscountess Dalrymple and her daughter
Miss Carteret; not with all the comforts.——Camden Square, sweeping the floor
Left for many days; for Dalrymples (in Annie’s view, most
Unfortunately) is Eliot’s cousin; how painful
Introduce yourself correctly.Annie has never seen her father and sister come into contact with her before
Noble, she must admit that she was disappointed.She had hoped
Better things come from their long-term vision of their own living conditions, and
Became a wish she never expected; a wish
They have more pride; for "our cousins ​​Mrs. Dalrymple and Miss
Carteret;" "Our cousins, the Dalrims," ​​rang in her ears all day
long.Sir Walter was with the late Viscount, but
Never met any other family members; and difficulties
The case resulted from the suspension of all sexual intercourse
The ritual letter, since the death of the late Viscount,
When, due to Sir Walter’s dangerous disease at the same time
Time, Kelich had an unfortunate omission.No letter
Condolences have been sent to Ireland.Ignore has been visited
Sinner’s head; because when poor Mrs. Elliott died, no
Received a letter of condolences in Kelich, therefore,
There are too many reasons to understand that Dalrymples thinks
Closed relationship.How to make this anxious business
Right, and be recognized as a cousin again, here is the problem:
A more rational question, neither Mrs. Russell nor
Mr. Elliott thinks it is not important."Family relationships are always worthwhile
Save, always worth looking for a good company; Mrs. Dalrymple has taken
A house, three months, in Laura Plaza, and will live in
style.She had been to Bath the year before, Mrs. Russell
I heard she is a charming woman.This is very desirable
The connection should be updated, if possible, without any
Elliott's courtesy compromise."

However, Sir Walter would choose his own means and finally wrote an article
A very good letter with full explanations, regrets and pleadings for him
Dear cousin.Neither Mrs. Russell nor Mr. Eliot
Appreciate this letter; but it did all it wanted and brought three
The scribbles of the Viscountess."She is very
It's an honor, I should be happy for their acquaintance."The hard work
The business ends, the candy starts.They visited Laura Plaza,
They have the card of the Viscount Dalrymple and the respectable
Miss Carteret, arranged in their most prominent place: and
"Our cousin at Laura Plaza"-"Our cousin, Mrs. Dalrymple and Miss
Carteret", everyone talked about.Annie is shy.If Mrs. Dalrymple and her daughter are very
Agree, she will still be ashamed of their excitement
Create but they are nothing.No sense of superiority,
Achievement or understanding.Mrs. Dalrymple got the name
Evaluation of "Charming Woman" because she smiled and answered politely
everyone.Miss Carteret, let alone, is so plain, then
Embarrassing, she will never be tolerated in Camden Square, but
For her birth.Mrs. Russell admitted that she expected better results. But still "it
Is an acquaintance worth having;" When Annie said boldly she
Mr. Elliott’s opinion of them, he agreed with them in
Themselves, but still insist that as a family relationship, as a good
Companies, as those who will gather good companies around them, they have
Their value.Annie smiled and said:

"Mr. Elliott, I think a good partner is a smart partner.
Well-informed people, they have a lot of conversation; that’s
Good company I call."

"You made a mistake," he said gently, "that's not a good partner; that's
the best.A good company only needs birth, education, and behavior.
And it’s not very good about education.Birth and good manners
Is essential; but a little learning is never a dangerous thing
In a good company; instead, it will do well.My cousin Annie
Shaking his head.She is not satisfied.She is very particular.Dear
Cousin" (sit down beside her), "You have a better right to be
Almost more critical than any other woman I know; but will it answer?
Will it make you happy? Isn’t it wiser to accept this society?
Those nice ladies at Laura Plaza, enjoy all the benefits
Connect as much as possible? You can believe that they will
Move in the first set of Bath this winter, because ranking is ranking, your
Known to be related to them will help repair your
Family (our family let me say) at the level of our consideration
All must hope."

"Yes," Annie sighed, "We will indeed know that we are related to them!"
Then thinking back to herself and not wanting to be answered, she added,
"I do think it has taken too much trouble so far
Get to know.I think "(smiling)" I am more proud than
Any one of you; but I admit it does bother me, we should be so
Eager to recognize this relationship, we may be very
It must be a matter of complete indifference to them."

"Sorry, dear cousin, you are unfair to yourself.in London,
Maybe, in your current quiet lifestyle, it might be like you said:
But in Bath; Sir Walter Elliott and his family are always worth
Know: an acquaintance that is always acceptable."

"Well," Annie said, "Of course I am proud, too proud to enjoy the welcome
It all depends on the location."

"I like your anger," he said. "It's natural.But here you
All in Bath, the goal is to build all the
Should belong to the credibility and dignity of Sir Walter Elliott.you
Talk about pride; I’m called pride, I know, I don’t want
Otherwise believe in yourself; because of our pride, if we are investigated, there will be
The same object, I have no doubt, although that kind may seem a bit
different.One thing, I’m sure, my dear cousin," (he continued,
Speak in a low voice, although there is no one else in the room) "In a
One thing, I’m sure we must feel a lot like.We have to feel that every time we add
It may be useful to your father’s society, among his peers or superiors
Diverting his mind from people below him."

While speaking, he looked at the seat where Mrs. Clay had taken recently.
Occupy: a full explanation of his special meaning; and
Although Annie couldn’t believe that they had the same pride,
She was glad that he did not like Mrs. Clay; and her conscience
Admit that he wants to promote her father to be great
As far as defeating her, acquaintance is excusable.Chapter 17


When Sir Walter and Elizabeth worked hard to advance their interests
In the wealth of Laura Plaza, Annie is updating a very acquaintance
Different description.She visited her former tutor and heard from her
As an old classmate of Bath, he has two strong opinions
Her concern for the goodwill of the past and the pain of the present.Miss Hamilton,
Now Mrs. Smith has shown her kindness at some time in her
When life is most precious.Annie went to school unhappy,
Sad for losing her beloved mother, feeling
She was separated from her family and suffered as a fourteen year old girl,
Emotional but not elated, you must suffer at this time;
And Miss Hamilton, three years older than her, but still from
Want a close relationship and a stable home, in
The school is useful and beneficial to her to a large extent
Relieved her pain and will never be remembered indifferently.Miss Hamilton left the school and soon married,
It is said that I married a rich man, this is all about Annie
Know her, until now their tutor’s narrative brought her
The situation moves forward in a firmer but very different form.She is a widow and poor.Her husband is extravagant. And in his
His death about two years ago made things terrible for him
Involved.She has all kinds of difficulties to deal with, and
In addition to these pains, they also suffered severe
Rheumatic fever finally settled on her lap, making her
Now a lame.She came to Bath for this reason
Now I live in a residence near the hot springs and live a very simple life, unable to
Even provide himself with servant-like comfort, of course almost
Ostracized by society.Their mutual friend replied that they were satisfied with their visit
Miss Elliott will give it to Mrs. Smith, so Anne will soon
go with.She didn’t mention what she heard, or she
Planning, at home.It won't inspire any proper interest there.She only
Consulted with Mrs. Russell, she thoroughly understood her emotions, and
I am happiest to tell her that she is very close to Mrs. Smith's residence
Ximen Building, Annie chose to be taken away.Visits have been paid, their acquaintances are re-established, their interest
Not only rekindle in each other.Have it in the first ten minutes
Embarrassment and emotions.Twelve years have passed
Separated, everyone presents a somewhat different person
Other people have imagined.In twelve years, Anne has been in full bloom,
Silent, unformed fifteen-year-old girl, to the elegant little woman
Seventy or twenty years old, everything is beautiful except blooming, and behaves like
Consciously correct, because they are always gentle; twelve years
Renovate the beautiful and well-grown Miss Hamilton
A healthy and confident sense of superiority has become poor, weak, and helpless
The widow, as a favor, accepted the visit of her former disciples; but all
The person who felt uncomfortable in the meeting soon passed away and left
Only remember the interesting charms of previous preferences and
Talk about old things.Annie found her wise and pleasant demeanor in Mrs. Smith
Almost risky dependence, and tends to talk and become
Cheerful beyond her expectations.Neither dissipates
In the past--she lived in this world for a long time--nor
Now, sickness and sadness don’t seem to shut her down
Heart may ruin her spirit.During the second visit, she talked very frankly and
Annie's surprise increased.She can hardly imagine more
More frustrating than Mrs. Smith's situation itself.She has always liked
Her husband's: she buried him.She has become accustomed to:
It's gone.She has no children to associate her with life and happiness
Again, it doesn’t matter to help arrange chaotic affairs,
No health allows all others to support.Her accommodation is
Limited to a noisy living room, behind a dark bedroom, no
The possibility of moving from one to the other without help, this
Only one servant in the house can afford, she never
Ran away from home but was sent to a warm bath.However, despite
In all this, Annie has reason to believe that she only has a moment
Tiredness and depression, to hours of work and enjoyment.how is it
is it possible? She observes, observes, reflects, and finally determines
This is not just a case of tenacity or resignation.A kind
The spirit of obedience may be patient, and a strong understanding will provide
Resolution, but there is more; this is flexibility
The heart, the tendency to be soothed, the power to turn around easily
From evil to good, and find a job to get her out of trouble
Herself, only from nature.This is the best gift
Heaven; Annie sees her friend as one of them,
Through benevolent appointments, it seems to aim to balance almost
Everyone else wants.For a while, Mrs. Smith told her that her spirit was almost
lose.Compared to her, she can't call herself a patient now
State when first arrived in Bath.Then she is indeed a poor person
Purpose; since she caught a cold during the trip, she barely took
Take possession of her residence before she is confined to the bed again
Suffer severe and constant pain; all this between strangers,
It is absolutely necessary to have an ordinary nurse with sufficient funds
At that moment, it is not suitable to pay any special fees.she was
However, she has withstood it and can really say that it has been done for her
Ok.It makes her feel like a person, thereby increasing her comfort
In good hands.She has seen too many worlds and can’t predict suddenly or
Selfless attachment everywhere, but her illness has been proven to her
Her landlady has a character to keep and will not use her
Sick; she was especially lucky to be her nurse, as an older sister
Her landlady is a nurse by profession, and she has been
When the house was unemployed, it happened to catch up with time
with her."And she," said Mrs. Smith, "other than taking care of me the most
Admirable, really a priceless acquaintance.if I
You can use my hands, she taught me to knit, it’s great
Entertainment; she let me get in the way of making these little things
Thread box, pin cushion and card holder, you can always find me
Busy doing something good
For one or two very poor families in this neighborhood.She has a
Acquaintances, of course, are professional, in those who can
Affordable, she handles my merchandise.She always brings
Correct application time.Everyone’s heart is open, you know, when
They have recently got rid of severe pain or are recovering
A blessing of health, Nurse Luke thoroughly understands when to
speak.She is a shrewd, smart, and sensible woman.She is a line
To see humanity; she has a wise fund
Observation, as a companion, makes her infinitely superior
Thousands of people who have only received "the best education in the world"
The world,'don't know what is worth paying attention to.Call it gossip, if you want,
But when Nurse Luke had half an hour of free time for me, she
There must be some interesting and profitable related content:
Things that enable people to better understand their own species.One likes to listen
What is happening is a fait accompli for the latest way of being
Trivial and stupid.For me living alone, her conversation, I
Assure you, it's a treat."

Annie didn’t want to sneer at this pleasure, she replied, “I can easily
Believe it.Women of that class have a great chance if they
Very smart may be worth listening to.Such a variety
Human nature, because they are used to witness! It is not
It’s just that it’s stupid, that they are read well; because they see
Occasionally in the most interesting or interesting situation
influences.What circumstances must go through their enthusiasm,
Selfless, self-denying attachment, heroism, perseverance,
Patience, obedience: all conflicts and all sacrifices
Make us the most noble.A ward may often provide value
volume."

"Yes," Mrs. Smith said more skeptically, "sometimes it is possible, although I am worried
Its courses are usually not the noble style you describe.Here and
There, humanity may be great in trials; but in general
Speaking of it, its weakness, not its strength, appears in a
Ward: selfish and impatience instead of generosity
And Gangyi, the one I've heard of.There is too little real friendship
in the world! Unfortunately "(whispering and trembling)" is there
Many people forget to think hard until it's almost too late."

Annie saw the pain of this kind of relationship.Husband is not for him
Yes, and the wife has been led to that group of people
She thinks the world is worse than she hoped.That's just one
However, passing on emotion with Mrs. Smith; she threw it away, and soon
Supplement in a different tone--

"I don’t think my friend Mrs. Luke’s current situation,
Will provide a lot of things to arouse my interest or inspire me.She is just nursing
Mrs. Wallis of Marlborough House; a simple beautiful, stupid, expensive,
Fashionable women, I believe; of course there is nothing to report
But lace and gorgeous.I want to profit from Mrs. Wallis
however.She has a lot of money, I plan to buy all of her
The high-priced things I have now."

Before she appeared, Annie had visited her friends many times
You know such a person in Camden Square.Finally necessary
Talking about her.Sir Walter, Elizabeth and Mrs. Clay, returned a
Departing from Laura Square in the morning, I was suddenly invited by Mrs. Dalrymple
On the same night, Annie was already engaged and it took that
Ximen Building at night.She is not sorry for this excuse.they
Only when asked, she was pretty sure because Mrs. Dalrymple was locked in
I came home with a bad cold, and I am happy to use my previous relationship
Put pressure on her so much; she refused in her own name
Happy-"She is engaged to an old man
Classmate."They are
Annie; but there are still enough questions to ask
Understand what this old classmate is; Elizabeth is
Disdain, Sir Walter is harsh."Simon Tower!" he said, "Who is Miss Anne Elliott?
Visit Ximen Building? Mrs. Smith.Widow Mrs. Smith; and
Who is her husband? One of five thousand Mr. Smith
Met everywhere.What is her attraction? She is old
And morbid.I promise, Miss Anne Elliott, you have the most
Extraordinary taste! Everything that disgusts others, low
Companies, trivial rooms, dirty air, disgusting associations are inviting
Give you.But you can definitely postpone this old lady until tomorrow: she
I guess she hasn’t come to the end, but she might want to see another
day.What is her age? forty? "

"No, sir, she is not yet thirteen years old; but I don’t think I can postpone
My engagement, because this is the only night in a while
Immediately suits her and myself.She will take a hot bath tomorrow,
For the rest of this week, you know, we’re engaged."

"But what does Mrs. Russell think of this acquaintance?" asked
Elizabeth."She can't see anything to blame," Annie replied. "On the contrary, she
Approve it, and usually take me away when I visit my wife
Smith."

"The appearance of Westgate Buildings must be surprising
A carriage close to the sidewalk," Sir Walter observed."Mr
Henry Russell’s widow really has no honor to distinguish her arm,
But it’s still a handsome outfit, no doubt well-known
Convey a Miss Eliot.Widow Mrs. Smith who lives in Westgate Buildings!
A poor widow, barely able to live, between thirty and forty; a simple lady
Smith, an everyday Mrs. Smith, among all the people and all the names
The world, become Miss Anne Elliott’s chosen friend and become the first choice
Through her own family relationship among the British aristocracy and
Ireland! Mrs. Smith! Such a name! "

Mrs. Clay, who has been present when all this is over, now thinks about it
It’s wise to leave the room, Annie can say a lot, and did
To make a long story short, not very different for her friend
Claiming to be theirs, but her personal respect for her father
Stop her.She did not reply.She leaves it to herself
Recall that Mrs. Smith is not the only widow in Bath between the ages of thirty.
Forty years old, homeless, no surname.Annie kept her promise; others kept theirs, of course she
I heard that they had a nice evening the next morning.she has
Is the only one absent, because Sir Walter and Elizabeth
Not only serve the lady personally, but also
It’s actually nice to be hired by her to collect others, and
There was trouble in inviting Mrs. Russell and Mr. Elliott; and Mr.
Elliott deliberately left Colonel Wallis early, and Mrs.
Russell has rescheduled all her evening activities in order to wait
In her.Annie has mastered all the history you can have on such a night
Supply from Mrs. Russell.For her, its greatest interest must be, in
Talked many times between her friend and Mr. Elliott;
Be hoped, regret, but also because
Stay away from this reason.Her kind and compassionate visit
Old classmate, sick, seems to make my husband very happy
Eliot.He thought she was the most amazing young woman; in her
Temper, manners, mind, a model of outstanding women.He can meet
Even when Mrs. Russell was discussing her merits; and Annie couldn’t
I have understood so much by her friends, I don’t know that I am
A wise person is so highly praised, there are not many pleasant people
The feeling her friend wants to create.Mrs. Russell has now completely decided what she thinks of Mr. Elliott.She believes like him that he meant to get Annie in time
Worth her and start counting weeks
Will free him from all remaining widowhood shackles​​, and
Let him freely use his most publicly pleasing ability.she was
Won't talk to Annie with half certainty
Subject, she will only risk some hints about what might happen
After that, about his possible attachment, about his desirability
Alliance, suppose this attachment is real and return.Annie heard her voice and did not exclaim violently. She just smiled,
Blushing, shake your head gently."As you all know, I am not a matchmaker," said Mrs. Russell. "
Too clear about the uncertainty of all human events and calculations.I mean, if Mr. Elliott should take some time to pay his address
For you, if you are willing to accept him, I think
Will be every possibility for you to be happy together.most
Everyone has to think about the right connection, but I think it might be
A very happy."

"Mr. Elliott is a very amiable person, and in many ways I
Speak highly of him," Annie said; "but we shouldn’t adapt."

Mrs. Russell let the incident pass, but retorted: "I admit it was for
Be able to think of you as Kelich’s future mistress, the future
Mrs. Elliott, look forward to seeing you occupy your dear mother’s
Place, inherit all her rights, all her popularity, and
All her virtues will be my greatest satisfaction.Your appearance and temperament are your mother’s own; if I
May be allowed to like you like her, in terms of situation and name,
Harmony, preside over Jiafu at the same place, only better than
She is getting more attention! My dearest anne, it will give me
Happier than I have often felt in my life! "

Annie had to turn and leave, got up, and walked to a table in the distance.
And, by pretending to work there, trying to suppress feelings
This photo is very exciting.For a while her imagination and her heart
Fascinated.The idea of ​​becoming her mother;
The precious name "Mrs. Eliot" was first resurrected on her;
Was restored to Kelich, calling it her home again, her home
Once, it was a charm she couldn't resist immediately.Mrs. Russell
Not saying a word, willing to leave things to yourself
Surgery; and believe that at that moment Mr. Elliott can
Decent has spoken for himself! --In short, she believes in Annie
Do not believe.The same image of Mr. Elliott speaking for himself
Let Anne calm down again.Kelich and the charm of "Lady"
Eliot" has disappeared.She will never accept him.It is not
It’s just that her feelings are still bad for any man, except for one; she
Judgment, based on careful consideration of this possibility
The case is against Mr. Elliott.Although she has known each other for a month, she is still not reconciled
She really understands his character.He is a sane person, a
Amiable people, speaking well, expressing good opinions, it seems
Judging correctly, as a principled person, all this is clear enough.Of course he knows what is right, and she can't correct any article
Obviously violated moral obligations; but she would have been
Afraid of taking responsibility for his actions.She doesn’t believe in the past, if not
Show off.Those who occasionally mention the names of former colleagues,
Alludes to previous practices and pursuits, implying that suspicion is not
Like how he used to be.She saw something bad
Habit; traveling on that Sunday is a very common thing; there are
Is a period in his life (maybe not a short period)
At least he was careless in all serious matters; and, even though he might
I think very differently now, who can answer my true feelings
A smart and prudent person who grows up to appreciate a fair
Features? How can he be sure that his heart is true
Is it purified?

Mr. Elliott is rational, prudent, and gentle, but he is not open.There
There has never been any emotional outburst, any warmth of indignation or joy,
Evil or good in others.This is a decision for Annie
not perfect.Her early impressions are incurable.She cherishes
Frank, open-minded, and enthusiastic personality surpasses all others.warm
Enthusiasm still attracts her.She thinks she can do this
Depends more on what sometimes looks or
Talk about careless or sloppy things, not those who are sober-minded
Never change, his tongue never slips.Mr. Eliot is too common.Various tempers
Her father’s house, he satisfied them all.He endured well and stood
Every body is good.He used to speak to her in a certain tone
Mrs. Clay's opening; seems to see exactly what Mrs. Clay is
Left and right, despising her; however, Mrs. Clay found out that he was
As pleasant as any body.Mrs. Russell saw less or more than her young friend, because she saw
Nothing can cause distrust.She can't imagine a man more accurately
He shouldn’t be Mr. Elliott; she has never enjoyed a sweeter
It feels better than the hope of seeing him receive her beloved hand
Annie at Kelich Church, in the following autumn.Chapter 18


It was early February; and Annie, it's been a month
Buss is increasingly eager for news from Uppercross and Lyme.she was
Want to hear more than Mary conveyed.These are three
She hadn’t heard of it at all for a few weeks.She only knew that Henrietta was
Back home again; and that Louisa, although it is believed to be recovering quickly,
Still in Lyme; she thinks of them very attentively
In the evening, when Mary sent a letter thicker than usual
She; and, in order to speed up joy and surprise, with the Admiral and Mrs.
Croft's praise.The Crofts must be in Bath! A situation that interests her.they are
Someone whose heart turns naturally."What is this?" Sir Walter cried.."The Crofts are in Bath?
Rent Kelich's Croft? What did they bring you? "

"A letter from Uppercross Cottage, sir."

"Oh! Those letters are convenient passports.They ensure a
Introduction.However, I should visit Admiral Croft
speed.I know why my tenant."

Annie can't listen anymore; she can't even tell the poor how
The admiral's face flashed by; her messenger made her concentrate..It used to
Started a few days ago."February 1."My dear Annie—I will not apologize for my silence because I know
In a place like Bath, few people think of letters.You must be one
I am very happy to take care of Uppercross, as you know,
Nothing to write.We had a very dull Christmas; sir
And Mrs. Musgrove never held a dinner party during the whole vacation..I do
Don't treat Hayters as anyone.However, the holiday ends at
Finally: I believe no child has ever had such a long.I'm sure i have
Is not.The house was cleaned up yesterday, except for Javier’s family.
But you will be surprised to hear that they never go home.Mrs
Having been separated from them for so long, Javier must be a strange mother.I do not
Understand it.In my opinion, they are not good kids at all. but
Mrs. Musgrove seems to like them very much, even more than her
grandson.What terrible weather we encountered! May not feel
In Bath, there is your beautiful sidewalk; but in the country it is some
result.Since the second time, I haven’t received a call from any creature
For the week of January, except for Charles Haight, he has been on the phone
More frequent than popular.Between us, I feel it's a pity
Henrietta did not stay in Lyme like Luisa. It will keep
She is a bit remote.The carriage is gone today, bring
Louisa and Javier tomorrow.We were not asked to dine with us
However, until the next day, Mrs. Musgrove was very afraid of her
Feeling tired during the trip, this is unlikely, considering
Take care of her; it will be more
So that I can eat there tomorrow.I am glad you found Mr. Elliott
Very amiable, hope I can get to know him too; but I have
My usual luck: when there is something to be desired, I always get in the way
Go on; always the last family member to be noticed.How huge
The time that Mrs. Clay has been spending time with Elizabeth! Did she never want to
Go away? But maybe if she leaves the room empty, we might
Not invited.Let me know what you think about it.I don't expect
My kid was asked, you know.I can leave them in the big house
Very good, one month or six weeks.At this moment i heard
Crofts will go to Bath almost soon. They think the admiral
gout.Charles heard it by accident. They haven't
Give me any notice politely, or offer to accept anything.I do
Think they are not making any progress as neighbors.We can't see anything,
This is really an example of carelessness.Charles join me
In love, everything is normal.Your affection,

"Mary M--."I regret to say that I am still far from health; Jemima just
Tell me the butcher said the sore throat is terrible
on.I dare say I will catch it; my sore throat, you know, is
Always worse than anyone."


The first part ended like this, and was later put in a
Envelope, contains almost more."I keep my letter open so that I can tell you how Louisa gave birth to her
Journey, now I am very happy that I did it, there is a lot to add.First of all, I received a note from Mrs. Croft yesterday, she proposed
To convey anything to you; indeed a very kind and friendly note to
Me, as it should be; therefore, I will be able to write my letter as
As long as i like.The admiral does not seem to be seriously ill, I sincerely
I hope Buss can do everything he wants for him.I will be really happy
Let them come back again.Our neighbor can't let go of such a pleasant
family.But now for Louisa.I have something to communicate
Not surprised you at all.She and the Javiers were very
Safe, at night we go and ask her how is she, when we
Captain Banwick was not found at the party, which surprised him because he had already
Was invited and the Javier family; what do you think it is
the reason? Not more nor less than his love for Louisa, and
He won’t choose to risk going to Cross until he gets his reply.
Musgrove; because everything between him and her was settled before she came
Leaving, he was written to her father by Captain Javier.Yes, in
My honor! Aren't you surprised? At least I would be surprised if
Have you ever received hints because I never.Mrs. Musgrove protests
Solemnly stated that she didn't know anything about it.We are all fine
But I’m very happy, because although it doesn’t mean that she is married to the captain
Wentworth, it is much better than Charles Haight; and Mr. Musgrove
Having written his consent form, Captain Benwick expects that today.Mrs
Javier said her husband feels good about his poor sister
Account; but, however, Louisa is a favorite of both.indeed,
Mrs. Havel and I very much agree that we love her as much as possible
Take care of her.Charles wanted to know what Captain Wentworth would say; but if
You remember, I never thought he would be attached to Louisa; I never met
anything.This is the end, look, Captain Benwick’s
Should be your admirer.How can Charles accept this
The things in his mind always make me unable to understand.I hope he
Will be more comfortable now.Of course not Luisa's perfect match
Musgrove, but a million times better than getting married in the Hayter family."


Mary does not have to worry about her sister being ready to any degree
news.She has never been so surprised in her life.team leader
Benwick and Louisa Musgrove! It's unbelievable, it's just wonderful,
She did her best to stay in the room,
Keep calm and answer your common questions
moment.Happily for her, they are not many.Sir Walter thought
Know if Croft is traveling with four horses and if they
It is probably located in such a place in Bath, because it might be suitable for young ladies
Elliott visits with himself; but there is almost no curiosity."How is Mary?" Elizabeth said; without waiting for an answer, "and
What prayed for the Crofts to come to Bath? "

"They come from the admiral's account.He is considered gout."

"Gout and aging!" Sir Walter said."Poor old gentleman."

"Do they have any acquaintances here?" asked Elizabeth."I don't know; but it is difficult for me to assume that in the time of Admiral Croft
In life, in his profession, he should not have too many acquaintances
Such a place."

"I doubt," Sir Walter said coldly, "Admiral Croft is the best.
Known as the tenant of Kelich Hall in Bath.Elizabeth, we can
Venture to introduce him and his wife in Laura Plaza? "

"Oh no! I don't think so.Just like us and Mrs. Dalrymple, cousins,
We should be very careful not to embarrass her acquaintances
May disagree.If we don’t have a relationship, it’s meaningless; but
As a cousin, she will be meticulous to any of our proposals.we
Better to leave Croft to find your own level.there's a few
The weird-looking people walking around here, as far as I know, they are sailors.This
Crofts will interact with them."

This is the part of the letter that Sir Walter and Elizabeth are interested in;
When Mrs. Clay expressed her respect for the more decent attention,
After questioning Mrs. Charles Musgrove and her good boy, Annie
free.In her own room, she tried to understand it.Charles might want to know
How would Captain Wentworth feel! Maybe he has already withdrawn from this field,
Give up Louisa, no longer love her, and find that he doesn't love her.She cannot stand betrayal or frivolity, or any similar thoughts
Bad usage between him and his friends.She can't stand it
Their friendship should be cut off unfairly.Captain Benwick and Louisa Musgrove! High-spirited and beaming
Louisa Musgrove and frustration, thinking, feeling, reading
Benwick, it seems that each of them is not suitable for the other person.Their thinking is the most different! Where is the attraction?
The answer came soon.The original situation.they have
Been thrown together for weeks; they have been living in the same place
Small family gathering: Since Henrietta left, they must have been
Almost entirely dependent on each other, and Luisa, just recovered
Is sick and has been in an interesting state, and Captain Banwick
Not sad.This is something that Annie can't do
Avoid previous doubts; instead of reaching the same conclusion
Mary, judging from the current course of events, they are just to confirm
Thinking of him having some tender dawn for herself.However, she is not trying to get more from it to satisfy her
Vanity, more than Mary might allow.She was persuaded that any
Pleasant young woman, she has heard it and seems to feel it
He will get the same compliment.He has a deep affection
heart.He must love someone.She thinks there is no reason to oppose their happiness.Louisa has a good navy
The enthusiasm starts, they will soon become more and more similar.He can
To be happy, she will learn to be a fan of Scott
And Lord Byron; no, this may have been learned; of course they
Fell in love with poetry.Louisa Musgrove’s idea became
To become a person with literary taste, the sentimental reflection is
Interesting, but she has no doubt that it is so.On that day in Lyme,
Falling from Cobb may affect her health, her nerves, her
Courage, her character, until the end of her life, is equally thorough
Seems to have affected her fate.The overall conclusion is that if that woman
Can allow the merits of Captain Wentworth to be wise
Another man, there is nothing to inspire a long-lasting engagement
I want to know; if Captain Wentworth hadn’t lost friends because of it, of course
Nothing to regret.No, it's not regret that broke Anne's heart
Involuntarily slapped, and then brought the color into her cheeks
She thought of Captain Wentworth's freedom and freedom.She has some
She is ashamed to investigate the feelings.They are so alike
Happiness, meaningless happiness!

She longed to see the Croft family; but when the meeting was held
Obviously, they have not received rumors about this news.Access
The ceremony has been paid; Luisa Musgrove is mentioned, and
Captain Benwick didn’t even smile at all..The Crofts settled in their home on Guy Street, perfectly
Satisfy Sir Walter.He doesn't feel ashamed at all
Acquaintances, in fact, did think and talk a lot about
The admiral, not the admiral who ever thought about or talked about him.The Crofts knew as many people in Bath as they had hoped, and
Think that their interaction with Eliot is only a matter of form,
And it’s impossible to give them any fun.They brought
The country habit that is almost always with them.he is
Ordered walking to prevent gout, Mrs. Croft seemed to share
Everything is with him, doing for her life, doing good for him.Annie
No matter where she goes, she sees them.Mrs. Russell took her out in her carriage
Almost every morning, she never thought of them, and never
Didn't see them.Understand their feelings like her, this is the most
Happy pictures that are attractive to her.She always treats them as
As long as she can, happily fantasize that she understands what they might be
Talk about when they walk happily independently, or similarly
It’s nice to see the admiral shook hands enthusiastically
Meet old friends and observe their enthusiasm for conversation
When occasionally forming a summary of the Navy, Mrs. Croft
Looks as smart and sharp as any officer around her.Anne and Mrs. Russell are too busy to walk often
Herself; but it happened in one morning, about a week or ten days
After Croft came, she had better leave her friends, or
Her friend’s carriage, in the lower part of the town, and then came back alone
Go to Camden Square and walk along Milson Street
Lucky to meet the admiral.He stands alone
In the window of the printing workshop, put your hands behind you, contemplating seriously
Some prints, she may not only pass by him inadvertently, but
Had to touch him and call him before she caught him
note.However, when he did detect and acknowledge her, it was done
With his usual frankness and humor."Ha! Is that you? Thank you
You thank you.Treat me like a friend.I'm coming you
Look at a picture.Without I can never pass this shop
Stop.But there is something here, through a boat! Let's see.Have you seen anything similar? What weird guys your good painter must have
Yes, I think anyone will take risks in such an invisible place
Like the old sea fan? But here are two gentlemen trapped inside
Very at ease, watching the surrounding rocks and
Mountain, as if it won’t be upset the next moment,
Of course it must be.I want to know where that ship was built! "(laugh)
Heartfelt); "I will not risk crossing the Matang inside.Excellent,"
(Turning around) "Now, where are you tied up? Can I go anywhere for you?
Still with you? Is there any use for me? "

"No, I thank you, unless you can give me your happiness
The path that accompanies us together.I'm going home."


"I will, wholeheartedly, even further.Yes yes we will
Take a comfortable walk together, I have something to tell you when we go
Along.There, grab my arm; this is correct; if I feel uncomfortable
I don't have a woman there.the Lord! What a good ship this is! "One last look
In the photo, when they start exercising."Sir, are you saying you have something to tell me?"

"Yes, I have, currently.But a friend came, Captain Brigdon; I
Can only say, "How are you?" However, when we passed.I won't stop."How are you?" Brigdon stared at anyone but my wife.She, poor soul, was tied up by her legs.One of her has blisters
High heels, as big as three shillings.If you look over
On the street, you will see Admiral Brand and his brother.old
Guys, the two of them! I am glad they are not on this road.Sophie can't stand it.Once they gave me a trick: ran away
With my best man.I will tell you the whole story another
time.Sir Archibald Drew the old and his grandson are here.To see him
See us; he kisses your hand; he treats you as my wife.Ah! this
Peace came too early for that young man.Poor old Sir Archibald! how is it
Do you like Bath, Miss Eliot? It suits us very well.We always
Meet some old friends or other people; they are all over the street
Morning; there must be a lot of chatting; then we stay away from them
Shut ourselves in our residences, draw pictures on our chairs, and
As comfortable as we were in Kelich, yes, or as we were before
North Yarmouth and Deere.We don’t like our stay here even more, I
I can tell you because it reminds us of the ones we originally had in the north
Yarmouth.The wind blows through one of the cabinets
Method."

When they went further, Annie took a risk and urged again
The message he must convey.She hopes to leave Milson Street
Satisfy her curiosity; but she still has to wait because
The admiral has made up his mind to gain
Belmont is more space and quiet; because she is not a real lady
Croft, she must let him go his own way.As long as they are fair
Boarding Belmont, he started--

"Well, now you will hear something that will surprise you.But first
Most importantly, you must tell me the name of the lady I want to talk about
on.That young lady, you know, we all care very much
in order to.Miss Musgrove, all this happened.she was
Christian name: I always forget her Christian name."

Annie is ashamed because she really understood it quickly
Did; but now she can safely suggest the name "Luisa"."

"Ah, ah, Miss Louisa Musgrove, this is the name.I hope young ladies
There are not so many nice Christian names.I shouldn't go out
If they are all Sophys or something like that.Then this lady
Louisa, we all thought, you know, to marry Frederick.he is
Woo her week after week.The only miracle is what they might be
Wait until Lime’s business comes; then, indeed, it’s obvious
Enough for them to have to wait until her brain returns to normal.But even
And they behave in a weird way.instead
Staying in Lyme, he went to Plymouth, and then he went to see
Edward.When we returned from Minehead, he went to Edward's house,
He has been there ever since.We haven't seen him since then
November.Can't even understand Sophie.But now, things have happened
The strangest turn happened; for this lady, the same lady
Musgrove is not married to Frederick, but to James
Benvik.You know James Benwick."

"a little.I know a little bit about Captain Banwick."

"Well, she wants to marry him.No, they are probably already married,
Because i don't know what they should wait for."

"I think Captain Benvik is a very likable young man," Annie said, "and
I know he has a good personality."

"Oh! Yes, yes, there is nothing to say about James Benwick.He’s just a commander. It’s true. He was built last summer. None of this is good.
Time to get in the car, but he didn’t have another mistake I know.One
A good kind person, I assure you; a very active and enthusiastic
The officers too, it’s more than you think, maybe, for this
A weak attitude is not good for him."

"You did make a mistake, sir; I shouldn't foretell
The spirit of Captain Benwick.I miss them so much
Pleasant, I will answer it, they usually like it."

"Well, well, ladies are the best judges; but James Benwick is more like
It’s too piano for me; although it’s probably our eccentricity,
Sophie and I can't help thinking that Frederick behaves better than his.Frederick is more to our taste."

Annie got caught.She just wanted to oppose the idea that is too common
Spirit and tenderness are incompatible with each other, not at all
The demeanor representing Captain Banwick is the best
Probably; after hesitating for a while, she started to say,
"I didn't make any comparisons between these two friends," but
The admiral interrupted her--

"Of course it's true.It's not just gossip.we
Get it from Frederick himself.His sister received a letter from him
Yesterday, he told us about it, he just was in a
Javier’s letter, written on the spot, from Upper Cross.I think
They are all in Uppercross."

This is an opportunity that Annie cannot resist; she said,
So, "I hope, Admiral, I hope nothing is in that style
Letter from Captain Wentworth to you and Mrs. Croft
disturbed.Last fall, there seemed to be a kind of attachment
Between him and Louisa Musgrove; but I hope it can be understood as
Both sides are worn out, no violence.I hope his
Letters cannot convey the spirit of a misused person."

"Not at all, not at all; no oaths or whispers from anyone.
Start to end."

Annie lowered her head to hide her smile."No, no; Frederick is not a person who complains and complains; he has too many
For this spirit.If the girl likes another guy more, it's very suitable
She should own him."

"of course.But I mean, I hope there is nothing
The way Captain Wentworth writes makes you think he thinks
His friend abused himself, this might happen, you know, no
Absolutely.I should be very sorry for this
The friendship between him and Captain Banwick should be
Be destroyed by this situation, even injured."

"Yes, yes, I understand you.But none of this
Nature in the letter.He did not hesitate to Benwick;
Instead of saying, ‘I’m surprised about this, I have my own reasons
Want to know.’No, you won’t guess, from the way he writes,
He once thought about this young lady for himself (what's her name?).He very generously hopes that they can be happy together; and have
Nothing very ruthless, I think."

Annie didn't get the perfect conviction that the admiral wanted
Convey, but further inquiry is useless.Therefore, she is satisfied with mediocre speech or quiet
Note that the admiral has his own way."Poor Frederick!" he finally said."Now he must start over
With others.I think we must let him go to Bath.Sophie must
Write and beg him to come to Bath.There are enough beautiful girls here, I am
of course.It’s useless to go to Cross again, because the other
I found out that Miss Musgrove was customized by her cousin, a young priest.do
Don't you think, Miss Eliot, we better take him to Bath? "



Chapter 19


When Admiral Croft walked with Annie and expressed his
Hope to let Captain Wentworth go to Bath, Captain Wentworth is
Already on the way there.Before Mrs. Croft wrote, he
Arrived, the next time Annie walked out, she saw him.Mr. Elliott is taking care of his two cousins ​​and Mrs. Clay.They are
Milson Street.It’s starting to rain. Although it’s not much, it’s enough to cover the wind and rain.
Ideal for women, and enough to make it ideal
Miss Elliott has the advantage of being sent home by her wife
Dalrymple’s carriage, waiting not far away; she,
As a result, Anne and Mrs. Clay became the Morland home, and Mr. Elliott
Walk to Mrs. Dalrymple and ask for her help.He soon joined
They succeeded again, of course; Mrs. Dalrymple would be happiest
Take them home and call them in a few minutes.Her wife’s carriage is a Baruch, which can accommodate up to four
Any comfort.Miss Carteret was with her mother; therefore it
It is unreasonable to expect all three accommodations in Camden
Local lady.There is no doubt that Miss Eliot.Who
She must have not suffered the inconvenience, but it takes up a bit
It's time to solve the politeness issue between the other two.rain
It's just a small matter, and Annie really likes to walk with her
Mr. Elliott.But rain was nothing but a trifle to Mrs. Clay. She will
Don't let it fall at all, her boots are so thick! a lot of
Thicker than Miss Anne’s; in short, her politeness makes her
Just as eager to leave Mr. Elliott as Anne,
The discussions between them were so generous, so polite, so
Decide, others are obliged to solve for them; miss
Elliott insisted that Mrs. Clay had a bit of cold, and Mr.
Elliott decided to appeal, his cousin Annie’s boots are more like
thickest.Correspondingly, Mrs. Clay should be a member of the party.
Transportation; they just arrived at this point when Annie was sitting
It’s very clear and unambiguously described near the window, the captain
Wentworth walking down the street.Only she could detect her beginning; but she immediately felt
She is the biggest fool in the world, the most irresponsible and
absurd! For a few minutes, she couldn't see anything. this is all
confused.She got lost, and when she rebuked her own sanity, she
Found that others were still waiting for the carriage, and Mr. Elliott (always
Helpful) Just set off to Union Street under the commission of the lady
Clay.She wants to go to the outer door now. she thinks
See if it rains.Why should she suspect that she has other motives?
Captain Wentworth must be out of sight.She leaves her seat, she will
Go; half of her shouldn't always be smarter than the other half
Half, or always suspect that the other party is worse than before.she was
See if it rains.However, she was soon sent back
Captain Wentworth himself was in a group of gentlemen and
Ladies, obviously his acquaintances, and he must have joined
Not far down Milsom Street.He was hit and confused more obviously
Stared at her with eyes she had never seen before; he looked very
Red.For the first time since they met again, she felt
She betrayed the least sensitive of the two.she has
His advantage in preparing for the last moments.all
Overwhelming, blinding, dazzling, strong surprise first effect
With her.Nevertheless, she still feels enough! it is
Excitement, pain, pleasure, between pleasure and pain.He talked to her, then turned and left.His character is
awkward.She cannot be called cold or friendly,
Or anything so embarrassing.However, after a while, he walked up to her and spoke again.Mutual inquiries about common topics passed: none of them, maybe,
They heard more wisely, Annie continued to be totally wise
He is more uncomfortable than before.They are like this
Very together, got quite a lot of conversation with each other
Partly obvious indifference and calmness; but he can’t do it
right now.Time changed him, or Luisa changed him.Have
Some kind of consciousness.He looks good, not like him
Has been suffering health or mentally, he talked about Upper Cross,
Musgroves, no, even Louisa, even for a moment
His main meaning when he named her; but still the captain
Wentworth is uncomfortable, not easy, and you cannot pretend that he is.It’s not surprising, but Annie feels sad when she sees Elizabeth
Won't know him.She saw that he saw Elizabeth, Elizabeth saw
He, each party has full internal recognition; she used to be
Convinced that he is ready to be recognized as an acquaintance,
Looking forward to it, she painfully saw her sister turn and leave
Unchanging cold.Mrs. Dalrymple’s carriage, Miss Elliot is growing for it
Impatient, draw up now; the servant comes in and announces.it is
It's raining again
Bustling conversation, this must make the small crowd in the store
Understand that Mrs. Dalrymple is calling to convey to Miss Elliott.in
The last Miss Elliott and her friend were left unattended, only servants, (because
No cousin came back), walking away; with Captain Wentworth
Looking at them, turning to Annie again, by the way, instead of words,
Is providing her with his services."I am grateful to you," she replied, "but I won't
they.The carriage can't hold so many people.I walk: I prefer
walk."

"But it's raining."

"Oh! Very rarely, I don't watch anything."

After a pause, he said: "Although I only came yesterday, I have already
You see, I have prepared the proper equipment for Buzz," (pointing to a new
Umbrella); "I hope you can use it if you are determined
Go; although I think it would be more cautious to let me give you one
chair."

She was very grateful to him, but refused, repeating her
Convinced that now the rain will be wiped out, and added,
"I'm just waiting for Mr. Elliott.He'll be there in a while, I'm
of course."

When Mr. Elliott walked in, she barely said anything..team leader
Wentworth recalled him perfectly.There is no difference between
He and the man standing on the steps of Lyme thought of Annie as
She passed, except in the air and demeanor of the privileged class
Relationship and friends.He came in eagerly, seeming to see and
I just think of her, apologize for his stay, feel sad for staying
She is waiting and eager to let her go without wasting more time
Before it rained harder; after a while, they walked away
Together, her arm is under him, a gentle and awkward glance, and
"Good morning!" is all she has time when she passes by
go away.Once out of sight, the ladies of Captain Wentworth
The party started talking about them."Mr. Elliott doesn't hate his cousin, I guess?"

"Oh! No, this is clear enough.One can guess what will happen there.He is always with them; half lives in the family, I believe.how
What a handsome man! "

"Yes, Miss Atkinson had eaten with him at Wallis’s house, she said
He is the most amiable man she has ever dated."

"She is beautiful, I think; Anne Elliott; very beautiful, when people talk about
Look at her.It’s not fashionable to say that, but I admit I admire it
She has more than her sister."

"Oh, me too."

"me too.Not comparable.But the men are wild after the young lady
Eliot.Annie is too delicate for them."

If he wants, Annie will be especially grateful to her cousin
I walked with her to Camden Square without saying a word
word.She has never found it so difficult to listen to him, although
Nothing can exceed his care and concern, even though his subjects
Mainly things that are usually always interesting: compliments,
Enthusiasm, fairness and discrimination towards Mrs. Russell, and allusions
Very rationally opposed to Mrs. Clay.But just now she could only think of
Captain Wentworth.She couldn't understand his current mood,
Whether he really suffered from disappointment; and
Until that point is certain, she can't be completely herself.She hopes to be wise and reasonable in time; what a pity! Ugh! She must
Admit to herself that she is not smart yet.Another situation that is very important to her is how long he has
Intended to be in Bath; he didn't mention it, or she couldn't
In retrospect.He might just pass by.But more
Probably he should stay.In this case, the responsibility is
Every corpse must meet every corpse in Bath, Mrs. Russell
May see him somewhere.Will she think of him? how come
Both?

She has had to tell Mrs Russell Luisa Musgrove
To marry Captain Benwick.What happened to her cost her
Mrs. Russell’s surprise; and now, if she has a chance to be
With Captain Wentworth, she doesn’t fully understand
This incident may increase another kind of prejudice against him.The next morning, Annie went out with her friend, this was the first time
For an hour, in a kind of endless and frightening surveillance in vain; but in
Finally, on returning to Pulteney Street, she was in
The distance on the sidewalk on the right hand side is long enough for him to see
Most of the street.There are many other men around him, many
A group of people walked the same way, but did not misunderstand him.she was
Instinctively looked at Mrs. Russell; but not out of any crazy thoughts about her
Recognize him like herself.No, it shouldn't
Assuming that Mrs. Russell will almost
the opposite.However, she looked at her anxiously from time to time; and
When the time to point out him is approaching, although not bold
Look again (her own face, she knows it's not suitable to be seen),
She was also fully aware that Mrs. Russell’s eyes were turning
Fully in his direction-in short, she is attentive
Observe him.She can fully comprehend that charm
He must master the mind of Mrs. Russell, it must be a problem
She retracted her gaze, she must be surprised
He should have passed 1989 and he is abroad
And he is also actively serving without depriving him of personal grace!

Finally, Mrs. Russell retracted her head."Now, how could she say
he? "

"You will want to know," she said, "what keeps my eyes staring for so long; but
I'm looking after some curtains, Mrs. Alicia and Mrs.
Frankland told me about last night.They described
The curtains of a house on the side of the living room
Way, and this part of the street, because it’s the most handsome and best hanging
Any one in Bath, but can’t remember the exact number, I have
Have been trying to find out what it might be; but I admit I can’t see
Meet their description of curtains."

Annie sighed, blushed, smiled, pitying and disdainful, or to her
Friend or herself.The part that strikes her most is
It was a waste of foresight and caution, she should have lost her rights
The moment to see if he sees them.One or two days passed, nothing happened.Theater or
The room he is most likely to go to is not stylish enough
The Elliot family, their evening entertainment is limited to elegant
The stupidity of private parties, more and more of them
Engaged; and Annie, tired of this stagnation, tired of
Knowing nothing, fantasize about being stronger, because her power is
Haven't tried it, I'm very impatient with the concert night.That is
Concert for the patrons of Mrs. Dalrymple.of
The courses they must take.It is really expected to be a good one, and
Captain Wentworth likes music very much.If she can have a few
Talk to him again for a few minutes, she thinks she should
Satisfied; as for the power to speak to him, she felt
Be brave when you have the opportunity.Elizabeth has deserted him,
Mrs. Russell looked down at him; her nerves were strengthened by these
Situation; she feels she owes his attention.She had partially promised Mrs. Smith to spend a night with her;
But in a short rush call, she forgave herself and postponed it.
A clearer commitment to visit longer tomorrow.Mrs. Smith
Gave the most humorous acquiescence."In any case," she said. "When you come, tell me everything.Who is your party? "

Annie named them.Mrs. Smith did not answer; but when she left
She said, with a half-stern and half-bow expression, "Well, I
I sincerely hope that your concert will receive a response; don’t let me down tomorrow if
You can come; because I started to have a hunch, I may not have a lot
Your more visits."

Annie was surprised and delighted; but stood a moment later
Suspense, being forced, don’t regret being forced, go quickly.Chapter 20


Sir Walter, his two daughters and Mrs. Clay were the first
They meet in the room at night; like Mrs. Dalrymple
Wait, they took their place in an octagonal fire
room.But when the door opened again, they hardly settled down.
Captain Wentworth walked in alone.Annie is closest to him, and
Slightly ahead, she immediately spoke.He is preparing
"I had to bow to pass, she said softly "How are you?" "Bring him
Stand beside her and ask in a straight line
Back, despite the powerful father and sister behind
ground.They are supporting Annie behind the scenes; she knows
Their looks are useless and they feel the same as everything she believes in
The right to be fulfilled.Whispers between her father and Elizabeth as they spoke
Caught her ear.She can’t tell, but she has to guess
Subject; when Captain Wentworth bowed far away, she
Understand that her father’s judgment is so good that he gave him
Simple acquaintance, she just caught up
I saw Elizabeth herself curtsey slightly.This,
Although late, reluctant, and you’re welcome, it’s better than
There is nothing, and her spirit is getting better.However, after talking about the weather, baths and concerts,
Their conversation became sluggish, and in the end they barely said anything, so much so
She wants him to go all the time, but he doesn’t; he seems to be
In no hurry to leave her; and now with a renewed spirit, with a little bit
Smiling, a little bit of light, he said--

"Since our day in Lyme, I have barely seen you.I'm afraid you must
Have been shocked, and can't stand its overwhelming
You were."

She assured him that she didn't."This is a terrible moment," he said, "a terrible day!" He passed
He covered his eyes with his hands, as if the memory was still too painful,
But after a while, he half smiled and half smiled, adding: "This day produced some
But the effect; has produced some consequences that must be considered
Terrible reverse.When you have a heart
It is recommended that Benwick is the best person to find a surgeon,
You may not know that he will eventually become one of the most important people
Caring about her recovery."

"Of course I can not.But it seems-I hope it will
Is a very enjoyable game.Both sides have good principles and
good temper."

"Yes," he said, not looking forward exactly. "But I think it ends here
Similarities.I wholeheartedly wish them happiness and rejoice for it
Any situation that favors it.They have no difficulty
Contend at home, don't oppose, don't be willful, don't delay.This
The Musgroves behaved like them, very glorious and friendly,
Only the real parents are eager to promote their daughters
Comfortable.All this is very, very conducive to their happiness;
Maybe more than—"

He stopped.A sudden memory seemed to happen and gave him
A smell of emotion that makes Annie's cheeks red and repairs
Her eyes fixed on the ground.However, after clearing his throat, he
Just proceed like this-

"I admit I do think there is a difference, the difference is too big,
And no less than the soul.I think Louisa Musgrove
As a very amiable sweet girl, and not lacking
Understand, but Benwick is more important.He is a smart man, a
Scholar; I admit, I do think he is attached
She was a little surprised.If it is the effect of gratitude, is he
Learned to love her because he believed she liked him better
Originally it was another matter.But I have no reason to think so.On the contrary, it seems to be a completely spontaneous,
I am surprised that there is no sense of upbringing around him.A man like him,
In his case! The heart was pierced, injured, almost broken! stern
Javier is a very good creature, and his attachment to her is
Really attached.One will not recover from such dedication
Distressed for such a woman.He shouldn't; he doesn't."

However, judging from the consciousness that his friend has recovered,
Or from other consciousness, he didn’t go further; and Annie, although
The excitement in the latter part, and
Although there are various noises in the room, there are almost endless bangs
The sound of the door, and the constant hum of people passing by,
Distinguish every word, be shocked, relieved, confused, and
Started to breathe shortly and felt a hundred things
moment.It is impossible for her to enter such a topic. but,
After a pause, I felt it was necessary to speak, no
The smallest desire to change completely, she just said--

"You have a good time in Lyme, I think?"

"About two weeks.I can't leave it until Luisa is doing well
Pretty sure.I'm so worried about pranks
Early peace.This is what I did, totally mine.She won't
If I'm not weak, I'll always be stubborn.The countryside around Lyme is
well.I often walk and ride horses; the more I see,
I find that I appreciate it more."

"I really want to see Lyme again," Annie said."Yes! I shouldn't think you can find anything
Inspire this feeling in Lyme.Your fears and pains
Participation, the stretching of the soul, the wear and tear of the spirit! I should
I thought your last impression of Lyme must be a strong disgust."

"The last few hours must be painful," Annie replied. "But when
When the pain is over, the memories often turn into a pleasure.One do
Don’t love it less because you suffer in a place, unless it’s already
All the pain, only the pain, this is by no means
Lyme.In the past two hours, we were just in anxiety and pain,
Had a lot of fun before.very much
Novelty and beauty! I rarely travel so much that every fresh place
It would be interesting to me; but Lyme has real beauty; and in
Brief" (blushing slightly in some memories), "All in all, my
Very good impression of this place."

When she stopped, the entrance door opened again and the whole party
The people they were waiting for appeared."Mrs. Dalrymple, Mrs. Dalrymple,"
It’s a cheerful voice; compatible with all desires
Anxiously elegant, Sir Walter and his two ladies stepped forward to greet him
she was.Mrs. Dalrymple and Miss Carteret at Mr. Elliott and
Colonel Wallis, who arrived at almost the same moment,
Entered the room.Others have joined them too, this is a
Annie finds that she must also be included.She was split
From Captain Wentworth.Their funny, almost too funny
The conversation must be temporarily interrupted, but the confession is slight
Compared with the happiness that brought it! She learned that in
In the last ten minutes, more about his feelings for Louisa, more about
He felt more than she thought; she gave herself to
The requirements of the party, the necessary civilization of the moment, and
Exquisite but exciting feeling.She is humorous
All.She received ideas that made her polite
Be kind to everyone and have mercy on everyone, because she is not as happy as herself.When retreating, the pleasant mood is a little suppressed
From the group, Captain Wentworth joined again and she saw
he's gone.She came just in time to see him become a concert
room.He's gone; he's gone, she has a moment of regret.But "they should meet again.He will find her, he will find her
Go out before the end of the night, now, maybe, like
So separated.She needs a little space
Memories."

Soon, as soon as Mrs. Russell appeared, the whole party became lively.
Collect, all that's left is to organize yourself, and then continue
Enter the concert hall; and play all roles under their authority,
Attract as many eyes as possible, inspire as many whispers as possible, and disturb as many people as possible
Do their best.Elizabeth and Anne Elliott were very, very happy when they walked in.Elizabeth and Miss Carteret arm in arm, looking at the broad back
There is nothing to hope for the Viscountess Dalrymple in front of her
This doesn’t seem to be in her reach; and Annie—but it’s going to be a
Insult the essence of Anne's happiness, make any comparison between the two
It's with her sister; the origin of one selfish vanity, the origin of the other
All generous attachment.Annie saw nothing and knew nothing about the brilliance of the room..she was
Happiness comes from the heart.Her eyes are bright and her cheeks glow;
But she doesn't know anything about it.She only thought about the second half
For an hour, when they walked to their seats, her thoughts were fast
over it.His choice of subject matter, his expression, and his
Her manners and expressions, she can only see it in one kind of light.his
The view of Louisa Musgrove’s inferiority complex, he once had this view
Seems to give enthusiastically, his surprise for Captain Benwick, his feelings
Regarding the first one, strong attachment; sentence that he cannot start
After speaking, half of his avoiding eyes and more than half of his expressive eyes,
All, all express their opinions, he still has at least one heart to return to her; that
Anger, resentment, avoidance, all gone; they are
Success is not only because of friendship and respect, but also because of tenderness
Past.Yes, that past tenderness.She can
Don't think that change means less.He must love her.These are thoughts and their accompanying illusions, occupy and
Make her so confused that she has no power of observation; with her
Walked across the room without looking at him, not even
Trying to distinguish him.When their location is determined, they
Everything is arranged, she looks around to see if he should happen
Stay in the same part of the room, but he is not there; her eyes cannot
Reach him; the concert has just opened, she must agree
It's time to be happy in a more humble way.The party is divided into two consecutive benches and processed: Annie
Is one of the most important people, Mr. Elliott manipulated very well,
With the help of his friend Colonel Wallis,
she was.Miss Elliott, surrounded by her cousins, and the main object
Very satisfied with the heroic performance of Colonel Wallis.Annie's spirit is in a state most conducive to entertainment
Night; it’s just career enough: she’s right
Gentle, homosexual spirit, attention to science and patience
For people who are tired; and have never liked a concert like this, at least
During the first act.Near its end, in the interval
Taking over an Italian song, she explained the lyrics of the song to her husband
Eliot.There is a concert bill between them."This," she said, "it's pretty much what it means, or more precisely, it's what it means.
Well, because the feeling of Italian love songs is definitely not
Talked about, but it’s almost all I can give; because I don’t
Pretend to understand language.I am a very poor Italian scholar."

"Yes, yes, I think you are.I don't think you know anything about it.you
There is only enough language knowledge to translate these
The inverted, transposed, and reduced Italian lines become clear,
Easy to understand, elegant English.You don't need to say more
Your ignorance.Here is the complete proof."

"I will not object to such politeness; but I should be sorry
Checked by real experts."

"I haven't had the privilege of visiting Camden Square in a long time,"
He replied, "I don’t know anything about Miss Anne Elliott; and I know
Think she is too humble that the whole world can’t
Aware of half of her accomplishments, and the accomplishments are too high
Humility is natural in any other woman."

"Shame! Shame! This is too flattering.I forgot what we are
Next, "turn to the bill."Maybe," Mr. Elliott whispered, "I have a longer time
More familiar with your character than you realize."

"Yeah! How come? You only knew it when I met."
Come to Bath, unless you may hear me before in my
Own family."

"Long before you came to Bath, I knew you through the report.I heard of you
Described by someone who knows you.I already know
With you for many years.Your person, your character,
Achievements, methods; they are all in front of me."

Mr. Elliott was not disappointed by the interest he hoped to arouse.Do not
A person can withstand such a mysterious charm.is described
A new acquaintance a long time ago, being an unknown person, is irresistible;
Annie is all curious.She was puzzled and asked him eagerly;
But in vain.He was very happy to be asked, but he didn’t say."No, no, maybe for a while, but not now.He will mention no
The current name; but the fact is like this, he can assure her.He has
Received a description of Miss Anne Elliott many years ago
Motivated him with the highest concept of her merits and inspired him
I want to know her most passionately."

Annie couldn't think of no one talking so favorably
Many years ago, she served as Mr. Wentworth of Monkford, Captain Wentworth’s
brothers.He may be in Mr. Elliott’s company, but she doesn’t
Dare to ask questions."Anne Elliott’s name," he said, "has been interesting for a long time
to me.For a long time, it has been full of charm for my fantasies; and, if I
Dare, i will breathe my wish, hope the name will never change."

She believed that this was what he said; but she hardly received their
Voices instead of other voices followed by her attention
Her, it makes everything else trivial.Her father and wife
Dalrymple is speaking."A handsome man," Sir Walter said, "a very handsome man."

"What a good young man!" said Mrs. Dalrymple."Air ratio
People often see in Bath.Irishman, dare I say."

"No, I only know his name.Bowing acquaintance.Wentworth; Captain
Wentworth of the Navy.His sister married my tenant in Somerset
Kelich's Croft."

Before Sir Walter said this, Annie's eyes had already noticed
In the right direction, the outstanding Captain Wentworth stood in a group
A small group of people at a little distance.When her eyes fell on him, his
Seems to shrink from her.It has that look.It looks like
If she is late for a moment; as long as she dares to observe,
He didn’t watch it again: but the show was restarting, and she
Forced to seem to regain her attention to the orchestra and look
straightforward.When she took another look, he had already moved away.he can not
If he wants to, approach her; she is surrounded and enclosed in this way:
But she would rather get his attention.Mr. Elliott's speech also upset her.She is gone
The tendency to talk to him.She hopes he will not be so close to her.End of Act One.Now she hopes for some beneficial changes; and,
After a period of silence in the party, some of them
Decided to find tea.Annie is one of the few people who didn't do this
Choose to move.She stayed in her seat, and so did Mrs. Russell. but
She was very happy to get rid of Mr. Elliott; and she didn't mean it,
Whatever she might feel about Mrs. Russell’s opinion, to escape
Talk to Captain Wentworth, if he gives her a chance.She was persuaded by Mrs. Russell’s expression, she had met him.But he didn't come.Annie sometimes imagines that she recognizes him at a glance
Distance, but he has never been in the future.The anxious interval disappeared
In vain.The others came back, the room was full again, the benches
Being taken back and taken back, another hour of happiness or
Confession is to sit down, another hour of music is to bring happiness or
Dumbfounded because the true or affected taste for it prevails.For Annie
Mainly expect an hour of excitement.She can't give up
Never saw the peaceful room of Captain Wentworth again, no
A friendly exchange of eyes.When relocating myself, many changes have now taken place, and as a result
It's good for her.Colonel Wallis refused to sit down
Once again, Mr. Elliot was invited by Elizabeth and Miss Carteret to
Sit among them in a way that is not rejected; and some others
Moving house, plus a little bit of her own scheming, Annie was able to place
She herself is closer to the end of the bench than before,
Closer to passersby.She cannot do it
Compare yourself with Miss Larolles, the unparalleled Miss Larolles; but
She still did it, and it didn’t work well; although through what
Seems to prosper in the form of her next early abdication
Neighbor, she found herself at the end of the bench
End of the concert.This is her situation. She has an empty seat on hand to be the captain.
Wentworth appears again.She saw him not far away.He saw her
Also; however he looks serious, seems hesitant, only very slow
The degree is finally close to being able to talk to her.She feels
There must be a problem.This change is beyond doubt.This
The difference between his current air and the octagonal air
The room is great.why? She thought of her father,
Mrs. Russell.Will there be unpleasant eyes? He started
Seriously speaking, the concert is more like Captain Wentworth
Go to the cross; have one's own disappointment, the singing that was originally expected; and in
In short, it must be admitted that he should not be sorry at the end.Annie
Answered and defended the performance very well, but in
Considering his feelings so happily that his face
Got better, he almost smiled and answered again.They talked about one
In a few minutes; the improvement held; he even looked down at
The bench, as if he saw a place worth occupying; at that time
When she touched her shoulder, Annie had to turn around.It's coming
From Mr. Eliot.He asks for her forgiveness, but she must apply,
Explain Italian again.Miss Carteret is very eager to have one
General thoughts on what to sing next.Annie could not refuse; but
She has never sacrificed politeness in a more painful spirit.A few minutes, although as few as possible, will inevitably be consumed; and
When she becomes her mistress again, when she can turn around and look like before
Earlier, she found herself being touched up by Captain Wentworth
But hurriedly bid farewell."He must wish her good night; he is
Go; he should go home as soon as possible."

"Isn't this song worth keeping?" Annie said, suddenly
This thought made her more eager to be encouraged."No!" He replied impressed: "There is nothing worth keeping with me;"
Then he just left.Jealous of Mr. Eliot! This is the only understandable motivation.team leader
Wentworth is jealous of her feelings! Can she believe it for a week
Before; three hours ago! A moment of satisfaction is exquisite.unfortunately! Have very different ideas for success.how so
Be jealous to be quiet? How to pass the truth to him? How, all in all
The special shortcomings of their respective situations, he will
Have you ever heard of her true feelings? It's painful to think of your husband
Elliott's attention.Their guilt is immeasurable.Chapter 21


The next morning, Annie happily recalled that she agreed to go
Mrs. Smith, which means it should contact her when she is at home
Mr. Elliott is most likely to call; because in order to avoid Mr. Elliott
Almost the first object.She has a lot of affection for him.in spite of
Prank his attention, she owes him his gratitude and respect, maybe
sympathy.She couldn't help thinking about a lot of extraordinary things
In the case of their acquaintance, his right
Seems to have to arouse her interest, through everything in the environment, through his own
Emotions, due to his early prejudice.This is very
Extraordinary; likable but painful.Have a lot of regrets.how is it
If there was no Captain Wentworth in the case, she might think,
Not worth asking; because there is a Captain Wentworth; and become
Now whether the ending of suspense is good or bad, her feelings will be
His forever.She believes that their union cannot make her more divided
With other people, not their final separation.More beautiful thoughtful love and eternal perseverance can
I have never walked the streets of Bath, just like Annie is in motion
From Camden Place to Westgate Buildings.This is almost enough
Spread purification and perfume all the way.She will definitely receive a pleasant reception. Her friend seems to be like this
Special thanks to her for coming in the morning, it seems almost nothing
Looking forward to her, although this is a date.The account of the concert was immediately requested; and Annie's
The memory of the concert is pleasant enough to make her move
Feature and make her happily talk about it.Everything she can say
She said happily, but for someone who has already experienced it, all this is trivial.
Not satisfied with enquirers like Mrs. Smith, she had
I have heard that the shortcut through the laundromat and the waiter,
Compared with Annie, it is more of the general success and results of the evening
Can be linked, who is now in vain asking for a few details
the company.Everyone in Bath is very nice
Know Mrs. Smith's name."My conclusion is that Little Dulan's family is there," she said, "and their
Open your mouth to listen to music, just like an immature sparrow is ready
Feed.They never miss a concert."

"Yes; I didn't see them myself, but I heard Mr. Elliott say they were
room."

"The Ibbotsons, are they there? There are two new beauties, and
Tall Irish officers, one of them was talked about."

"I do not know.I don't think they are."

"Old lady Mary McLean? I don't have to ask her.She never missed me
Know; you must have seen her.She must be by your side
Circle; because when you go with Mrs. Dalrymple, you sit
Magnificent, of course around the orchestra."

"No, that's what I fear most.It would be very unpleasant for me
In all respects.But the good news is that Mrs. Dalrymple always chooses to be
Farther away; we are in a very advantageous position, that is to say, in terms of hearing;
I can’t say it’s for seeing, because I seem to see very little."

"Oh! You have seen enough of your own pastime.I can understand.There
It’s a family enjoyment that can be felt even in a crowd, and this
Have you ever.You are a big party yourself, you don’t want anything
exceed."

"But I should have looked at myself more," Annie said.
She said that she actually didn't want to go see it, then
Subject is just flawed."No, no; your job is better.You don't have to tell me you have one
Pleasant evening.I saw it in your eyes.I fully understand how time is
Pass: You always have something pleasant to listen to.inside
Interval between concerts is talk."

Annie half smiled and said, "Did you see my eyes?"

"Yes, I do.Your expression perfectly tells me that you are
Last night with the person you think is the most agreeable
The world, this time makes you more interested than
Put the rest of the world together."

Annie's cheeks flushed.She has nothing to say."In that case," Mrs. Smith continued after a short pause, "I
I hope you believe that I know how to cherish your kindness
I this morning.It's great that you can come and sit
Me, when you have to have so many more pleasant requests for your time."

Annie knows nothing about it.She's still in shock
The confusion aroused by her friend’s infiltration is unimaginable
Any report from Captain Wentworth may reach her.One after another
A short silence--

"Excuse me," said Mrs. Smith, "Does Mr. Elliott know that you know
I? Does he know that I am in Bath? "

"Mr. Eliot!" Annie repeated, looking up in surprise.a while
Reflection showed her the mistakes she made.She caught
An instant; and restore her courage with a sense of security,
"Quickly, added calmly, "Do you know Mr. Elliott?"

"I know him well," replied Mrs. Smith.
Seriously, "But now it looks tired.It's been a while since we met."

"I didn't realize it at all.You never mentioned it before.If I
I know, I will be happy to talk to him about you."

"Frankly tell the truth," Mrs. Smith said, pretending to be normal.
Cheerful, "This is the happiness I want you to have.I think
You want to talk to mr eliot about me.I hope you are interested in him.he
Can provide me with the necessary services; if you want,
My dear Miss Eliot, let it be your own object, of course
complete."

"I should be very happy; I hope you don't doubt that I am willing
It’s of no use to you," Annie replied; "But I doubt
You think I have higher demands on Mr. Elliott
Affect his rights, which is not the case.I believe you have,
Somehow absorbed this concept.You can only treat me as
Mr. Elliott's relationship.If there is anything under that light you
Assuming his cousin might ask him, I beg you not
Hesitate to hire me."

Mrs. Smith glanced at her affectionately, then smiled and said--

"I think it's a bit early, I want to ask you to forgive me.I
Should wait for official news.But now, my dear lady
Elliott, as an old friend, please give me a hint when I can talk.next week? Make sure i can think about it next week
Settle down and build my own selfish plan on Mr. Eliot’s good fortune."

"No," Annie replied, "neither will it be next week, nor will it be next week, nor will it be next week..I promise you
The kind of thing you think of will not be resolved in any week.I won't marry Mr. Elliott.I want to know why you
Imagine me? "

Mrs. Smith looked at her again, looked at her seriously, smiled, and shook her.
Head, exclaimed——

"Now, how I wish I could understand you! How much I wish I knew you
in! I have a very good idea, you will not be cruel, when
At the right moment.Until it does come, you know, we women never
Means anyone.Of course there is such a thing among us, everyone
Was rejected until he proposed.But why are you cruel? Let me beg
For my current friend, I can’t call him, but for my former friend.Where can I find a more suitable match? Where can you expect
More gentleman, amiable person? Let me recommend Mr. Elliott.I'm
You must have heard good news from Colonel Wallis; who can
Know him better than Colonel Wallis? "

"My dear Mrs. Smith, Mr. Elliott’s wife is not more than half dead.
One year.He should not pay his address to anyone
One."

"Oh! If these are your only objections," exclaimed Mrs. Smith coldly, "sir
Elliott is safe, I won't trouble him anymore.do
Don't forget me when you get married, nothing more.Let him know i am
Your friend, then he won’t think of trouble
Need, it’s natural to him, there are so many things
Make an agreement with himself, avoid and get rid of as much as possible; very
Natural, maybe.Ninety-nine percent will do the same thing.of
Of course, he could not realize the importance to me.Um my dear lady
Elliott, I hope and believe you will be very happy.Mr. Elliott makes sense
Understand the value of such a woman.Your peace will not
Shipwrecked like mine.You are safe in all worldly affairs, and
His character is safe.He will not go astray; he will not
Misled by others to his destruction."

"No," Annie said, "I can easily believe everything about my cousin.he
There seems to be a calm and decisive temper, which is not dangerous at all
impression.I respect him very much.I have no reason,
Do other things from anything that falls within my scope of observation.But I haven’t known him for long; he’s not a man, I think,
Soon got acquainted.Won't you talk about him this way, ma'am
Smith, persuade you that he is nothing to me? Of course it must be calm
enough.And, as far as I know, he is nothing to me.Should he
Propose to me (I have almost no reason to imagine that he has any
Thought about), I won’t accept him.I promise you i won't.I assure you that Mr. Elliott does not have the share you have
Suppose, in any fun that the concert last night might bring:
Not Mr. Eliot; this is not Mr. Eliot—"

She stopped, blushed, regretting that she had hinted so much.
But the major general is not enough.Mrs. Smith hardly
Believe in Mr. Elliott’s failure so quickly, but from a cognitive point of view
There is someone else.So that was the case, she immediately submitted,
And it seems as if nothing can be seen; and Annie, longing
Escape further attention and can’t wait to know why Mrs. Smith should
Fancy that she was going to marry Mr. Elliott; she could have received it
Idea, or who can she hear from."Please tell me how it came into your mind in the first place."

"It first appeared in my mind," Mrs. Smith replied, "When I found out how many
You are together and think this is the most likely thing
The world that everyone on either of you wants to have; and you
It may depend on all your acquaintances have dealt with you
The same way.But I didn’t hear about it until two days ago."

"And has it really been said?"

"Have you observed the woman you called to open the door?
yesterday? "

"Do not.Isn't it Mrs. Speed ​​as usual, or the maid? I did not observe
in particular."

"It's my friend Mrs. Luke; Nurse Luke; bye,
I am curious to see you, I am glad to block your way.She only left the Marlborough House on Sunday. She is
Who told me you were going to marry Mr. Elliott.She got it from madam
Wallis himself, this does not seem to be a bad authority.She sat with her for an hour
I gave me the whole history on Monday night.""Overall
History," Annie repeated with a smile."She can't do it for a long time
I think the history of such a small article of unfounded news."

Mrs. Smith said nothing."But," Annie continued immediately, "Although my
With this request to Mr. Elliott, I should be very happy to be
Use you in any way i can.Should I mention your existence to him
In Bath? Should I receive any news? "

"No, I thank you: No, of course not.In the warm moment,
Under the wrong impression, I might try hard
You are interested in some situations; but not now.No i thank you i
Nothing to trouble you."

"I think you mean you have known Mr. Elliott for many years?"

"I did."

"Not before he got married, I guess?"

"Yes, he was not married when I first met him."

"Also--Are you familiar?"

"Intimately."

"Yes! Then please tell me his life at the time.I have a
I really want to know what Mr. Elliott looked like when he was young.It's him
Exactly like he appears now? "

"I haven't seen Mr. Eliot for three years," Mrs. Smith replied.
So serious that it is impossible to explore the subject further;
Annie feels that she has gained nothing but increased curiosity.They are all silent: Mrs. Smith is very considerate.At last - 

"I'm sorry, my dear Miss Elliott," she yelled in her natural voice.
In a cordial tone, "Please forgive my short answer
I've been giving it to you, but I'm always not sure what I should do.I have got
I have been wondering and thinking about what I should tell you.There
There are many things to consider.I hate it alone
Nosy, give a bad impression, do evil.even though
The smooth surface of the family bond seems worth keeping, although there may be
There is nothing durable underneath.However, I’m sure; I think I’m
Correct; I think you should be familiar with the true identity of Mr. Elliott
Features.Although I fully believe that at the moment, you don’t have
Accept his minimal intentions and say nothing can
occur.You may be affected differently at some time or other
he.So now, when you are not prejudiced, listen to the truth.Mr
Elliott is a man without heart and conscience; a design, prudent,
A cold-blooded creature who thinks only for himself; who is for himself
Profit or ease, will commit any cruelty or any betrayal,
Crimes that can be committed without affecting his general character.he
No feeling for others.Those who he has always been the main cause
Lead to destruction, he can ignore and abandon there is no smallest
Guilty.He is completely beyond the scope of any emotion
Justice or sympathy.Oh! His heart is black, hollow and black! "

Annie's surprised look and amazement made her stop.
She added in a calmer way,

"My expression scared you.You must allow a wounded, angry
Ms.But I will try to order myself.I will not abuse him.I
I will only tell you that I found him.Facts speak.he is
A close friend of my dear husband who trusts and loves him, and
Think he is as good as himself.Intimacy has long been formed
Our marriage.I found their closest friends; and I became
Very satisfied with Mr. Elliott and accepted the highest opinion
his.Nineteen years old, you know, one doesn’t think very seriously; but
Mr. Elliott seems to me as good as everyone else, there are more
Better than most, we are almost always together.we
Mainly in the city, life is very good.He was
Circumstances are worse; he was a poor man at the time; he had a room
Temple, all he can do is to support the appearance as much as possible
Gentleman's.Whenever he chooses, he is always with us; he
Always popular; he is like a brother.My poor Charles, he used to
The best and most generous spirit in the world will split his
The last journey with him; I know his wallet is open to him;
Know he often helps him."

"This must be about that period in Mr. Elliott's life," said
Annie, "This always arouses my special curiosity.It must have
About the same time my father and sister knew him.I never knew him myself; I only heard of him; but there is something
In his behavior, about my father and sister, and
Later in the case of his marriage, I will never be able to
Very much in line with the current era.It seems to announce a different
That kind of person."

"I know everything, I know everything," cried Mrs. Smith.."He used to
Introduced to Sir Walter and your sister before I met
Him, but I always listen to him talking about them.I know he was invited
Encouragement, I know he has no choice to go.I can satisfy you
Maybe, in a place you didn't expect; as for his
Marriage, I knew everything.I know all fors
And objections; I am his friend who confided his hopes and plans to him;
Although I didn’t know his wife before, her disadvantage
In society, it does make this impossible, but I know her all her
Later in life, or at least in her last two years
Live, and can answer any questions you may wish to ask."

"No," Annie said, "I don't have any special questions about her..I
Always understand that they are not a happy couple.But i should like
To know why, at that time in his life, he should despise my father’s
Know like him.Of course my father is willing to take very
Goodwill and proper notice to him.Why did Mr. Elliott flinch? "

"Mr. Eliot," replied Mrs. Smith, "in that period of his life, there was a
Goal: get rich and go through a fairly fast process
Than the law.He made up his mind to get married.he is
At least, determined not to spoil it by a reckless marriage; and I
Know that this is his belief (just or not, of course I can’t
Decided), your father and sister, in their civilization and
Invitation, is designing a competition between heirs and young people
Madam, it’s impossible to answer him in a game like this
Thoughts of wealth and independence.This is his motivation for painting
Come back, i can assure you.He told me the whole story.He didn't
Hide from me.The weird thing is that I just left you behind
I’m in Bath, my first and main acquaintance should be
Your cousin; and, through him, I should keep hearing
Your father and sister.He described a Miss Elliott, I think
Very kind to each other."

"Maybe," Annie was startled by a sudden thought, "you sometimes mention
I'm going to find Mr. Eliot? "

"It is certain that I did it; many times.I once bragged about my own Anne Elliott,
And make sure you are a very different creature—"

She checked herself in time."This explains what Mr. Elliott said last night," shouted
Annie."this means.I found that he was used to hearing from me.I
Can't understand how.What a wild imagination formed in my dear place
I am very concerned! How can I be mistaken! But please forgive;
Interrupted you.Mr. Elliott got married entirely for money?
May be the first to let you open your eyes to see him
Features."

Mrs. Smith hesitated here for a moment."Oh! Those things are too common.People live in the world, men and women marry money too
Hit one because it should be common.I'm still young, and related
Only with young people, we are a group of homosexuals without thinking, without any
Strict code of conduct.We live to enjoy.My idea is different
Now; time, sickness and sadness have given me other concepts; but in
During the time I must have, I don’t think Mr. Elliott’s actions are worthy of condemnation.
doing."Do the best for yourself" as a duty to pass."

"But, isn't she a very humble woman?"

"Yes; I object, but he will not consider.Money, money, yes
Everything he wants.Her father is a herder, and her grandfather is
A butcher but it's nothing.She is a good woman, have had
Decent education, proposed by some cousins, thrown out by accident
Entered Mr. Elliott’s company and fell in love with him; instead of
Difficulties or scruples are on his side, as far as she is concerned
Born.All his caution is spent on ensuring the true amount
Before he promised, her wealth.Rely on it, whatever
Respect Mr. Elliott's possible respect for his current living conditions
Man, he has no minimum value.His Kelich opportunity
Legacy is something, but all the honors of the family he holds are cheap
As dirt.I often hear him claim that if the Baron
For sale, anyone should have his fifty pounds, weapons and motto,
Including the name and uniform; but I will not pretend to repeat half of me
Once heard him talk about that topic.It's not fair; but
You should have evidence, because none of this is an assertion, and you
Have evidence."

"Indeed, my dear Mrs. Smith, I don't want anything," Anne called.."you have
Assert that there is nothing contradictory to Mr. Elliott.
Years ago.It’s all for confirmation, not what we did in the past
Hear and believe.I want to know why he does this
It's different now."

"But for my satisfaction, if you are willing to call me
Mary; Stay: I believe you will have greater good
Walk into my bedroom and bring me the small mosaic box
You will find it on the upper shelf of the closet."

Annie saw her friend single-mindedly, so she did.
want.The box was brought and placed in front of her, Mrs. Smith,
After unlocking, he sighed and said--

"This is full of documents belonging to him, belonging to my husband; a small
The part I had to watch when I lost him.trust me
What I’m looking for is a letter Mr. Elliott wrote to him before we got married.
Happened to be saved; why, it’s hard to imagine.But he was
Like everyone else, careless and unreasonable about these things; when
I came to see his paper, and I and others found more
From different people scattered everywhere, and many
The really important letters and memos have been destroyed.it's here
Yes; I won’t burn it, because even then it’s seldom satisfied
With Mr. Elliott, I am determined to keep every previous document
close.I now have another motivation to be happy that I can produce
it."

This is a letter to "Charles Smith, Esq.Tunbridge Wells,"
The date is London, and the earliest dates back to July 1803: -

"Dear Smith,-I received your.Your kindness almost overwhelms everything
I.I hope nature makes hearts like yours more common, but I
Living in this world for three or twenty years, I have never seen anything like
it.At the moment, trust me, I don’t need your services, in
Cash out again.Give me happiness: I have got rid of Sir and Miss Walter.they
Back in Kelich, I almost made me swear to see them
Summer; but the first time I go to Kelich will tell with the surveyor
How do I bring it to the hammer with the greatest advantage.baron,
Nevertheless, the possibility of getting married again is unlikely; he is stupid enough.However, if he does, they will calm me down, which may be a decent
Equivalent to regression.He is worse than last year."I wish I had any name, but Elliott.I'm tired.The name
Walter I can put it down, thank God! I hope you never insult me
And my second W.Again, meaning that for the rest of my life, only
You really, --Wm.Eliot."

If you don't let Annie shine, you can't read such a letter. And Mrs.
Smith looked at the good looks on her face and said--

"I know that this kind of language is very disrespectful.Although i forgot
Exact terminology, I have a perfect impression of the general meaning.But it shows you this person.Mark my poor husband's career.Can something be stronger? "

Annie couldn't immediately recover from shock and humiliation
Found that this applies to her father.She had to remember
She saw that this letter violated the honor law, that
No one should be judged or known by such testimony, no
Personal letters can attract the attention of others before they can
Recover enough calm to return the letter she once received
Meditate, then say--

"Thank you.This is undoubtedly sufficient proof; prove everything about you
Talking about.But why do you only know us now? "

"I can explain this too," Mrs. Smith shouted with a smile.."Is it really possible?"

"Yes it is.I showed you Mr. Elliott a dozen years ago, and I
Will show him what he is now.I cannot produce the written proof again, but
I can provide the true oral testimony you want about what he is
Want now, what is he doing now.He is not a hypocrite now.he
Really want to marry you.His current concern for your family is
Very sincere: very sincere.I will give you my authority: his
Colonel Wallis."

"Colon Wallis! Do you know him?"

"Do not.For me, this is not so straightforward. it
Bend down once or twice, but it’s nothing important.Flow as good
The same as at the beginning; it’s easy to collect the small rubbish at the turning point
go away.Mr. Elliott spoke to Colonel Wallis unreservedly about his
To your opinion, Colonel Wallis said, I think he is a
A wise, cautious, and insightful character; but Colonel Wallis has
A very stupid wife, he told her the best thing about him
No, he repeated it all to her.She is overflowing with spirit
Her recovery repeated all this to her nurse; the nurse knew my
The acquaintance with you brought me naturally.on Monday
In the evening, my good friend Mrs. Luke taught me many secrets
Marlborough Building.So when I talk about the whole history,
You see I am not as romantic as you think."

"My dear Mrs. Smith, your authority is insufficient.This won't work.Mr
Elliott doesn’t explain anything about me at all
He tried to reconcile with my father.That's all
Before i come to bath.I found them in the most friendly way
When i arrive."

"I know you know; I know all this, but—"

"Indeed, Mrs. Smith, we cannot expect to get real information in this situation.
a line.Will pass the facts or opinions in their hands
Many people are misunderstood by the stupidity of one person and the ignorance of the other.
Hardly much truth."

"Just give me a hearing.You can quickly judge the average
When the credit is due, you can understand some details by listening
Refute or confirm immediately.No one thinks you are his
First inducement.He did see you before he came to Bath, and
Admire you but don't know it is you.My historian said,
at least.This is real? Did he see you last summer or fall?
"Somewhere in the West", in her own words, unknowingly
To be you? "

"He did it.So far this is very correct.In Lyme.I happen to be
In Lyme."

"Well," Mrs. Smith continued triumphantly, "give the credit to my friend.
Since the first assertion is established.He saw you then
In Lyme, I like you very much, it’s nice to meet you
I'm with you again in Camden Square, playing Miss Anne Elliott, since then
At that moment, I had no doubt that he had a double motive for visiting there.but
There is another one, and earlier, I will explain now.If there is
Is there anything in my story that you know is fake or
Impossible, stop me.My account says, your sister’s friend,
The lady with you now, I heard you mentioned, came to Bath
Was with Miss Eliot and Sir Walter as early as September (in short, when
They came for the first time by themselves) and have stayed there ever since;
She is a smart, reserved, handsome, poor and credible woman,
All in all, give a rough idea on the situation and the way,
Among Sir Walter’s acquaintances, she means Mrs. Eliot, and
Miss Elliott should obviously turn a blind eye to this
Danger."

Mrs. Smith paused here; but Annie had nothing to say, she
carry on - 

"This is the light that those who know this family see,
Long before you returned to it; Colonel Wallis noticed
Your father knew enough about this, even though he didn't come at the time
At Camden Square; but his respect for Mr. Elliott made him
Watching what happened there, when Mr. Elliott came to Bath
For a day or two, as he happened to do before Christmas,
Colonel Wallis made him familiar with the appearance of things, and
Reports begin to prevail.Now you have to understand that at that time
Mr. Elliott’s opinion has undergone a very significant change
The value of the baron.In all pedigrees and connections, he is a
Completely changed person.For a long time, he has as much money as possible
Spend, there is nothing to hope in terms of greed or indulgence, he has
Gradually learn to pin his happiness on the consequences he endured
Heir.I thought it would happen before we no longer met, but it
Now is a certain feeling.He can't stand the idea that it's not a jazz
William.Therefore, you might guess that the news he heard from him
Friends cannot be very happy, you may guess what it produces;
The resolution to return to Bath as soon as possible, and
Temporarily fix yourself here in the hope of renewing his predecessor
Get to know each other and regain a foothold in the family
His method of determining the degree of danger, and
If he thinks it is important, bypass this lady.It is agreed
The only thing to do between two friends; with the colonel
Wallis will do everything he can to help.he is
Was introduced, Mrs. Wallis was introduced, everyone was introduced
be introduced.Mr. Elliott returned accordingly; and when applying
As you know, be forgiven and re-enter the family; just there
Is his constant goal and his only goal (until you come and add
Another motivation), watching Sir Walter and Mrs. Clay.He omitted no
The opportunity to be with them blocked their way, call
All the time; but I don’t need to pay special attention to this issue.you could
Imagine what a skilled person would do; with this guide, maybe,
Recall what you saw him do."

"Yes," Annie said, "you tell me any non-compliance
I know or can imagine.There is always something offensive
Crafty details.Selfish and duplicity
It must be offensive, but I haven't heard any really surprising news
I.I know some people will be shocked by Mr.'s performance
Elliott, he’s hard to believe; but I never
very satisfied.I always hope that his behavior has other motives
Than appear.I want to know his current opinion about
The probability of an event he has been afraid of; does he consider
Reduce the risk or not."

"Lighten up, I understand," replied Mrs. Smith."He thinks Mrs. Clay
Afraid of him, knowing he sees through her, dare not
As she might do when he is away.But since he must be absent
For a while, I didn’t understand how he could be
She has her current influence.Mrs. Wallis has an interesting idea because
The nurse told me to put it in the wedding supplies at that time
You and Mr. Elliott are married, and your father will not marry Mrs. Clay.A kind
A plan worthy of Mrs. Wallis’s understanding in every respect; but my
The wise nurse Luke saw its absurdity.'Why, to be sure,
Madam," she said, "this will not stop him from marrying anyone else.'
And, indeed, to have the truth, I don’t think the nurse is a
Very hard-working opponent of Sir Walter's second game.She must
Be allowed to be the darling of marriage, you know; and (because of
Will break in) Who can say that she may not have some flying illusions
Through the recommendation of Mrs. Wallis, to join the next Mrs. Elliott? "

"I'm glad to know all this," Annie said, after a while
Considerate."In some ways it will be more painful for me
Stay with him, but I will know better what to do.My line
The behavior will be more direct.Mr. Elliott is obviously a hypocrite.
Man-made, worldly people, never have better principles
Guide him over selfishness."

But Mr. Elliott is not over yet.Mrs. Smith was taken away
Her first direction, Annie forgot, for her own benefit
How much of his family’s concerns were originally implied to him; but
Her attention is now drawn to the explanation of the initial prompt,
She listened to a recital, if it can’t fully prove
Mrs. Smith’s unreserved bitterness proves that he is very
He is ruthless about her behavior; there is a great lack of justice
And sympathy.She learned that (the intimate relationship between them was not affected by her husband
Elliott’s marriage) They are together as always, and Mr.
Elliott led his friends to spend far beyond his fortune.Mrs
Smith doesn't want to blame himself, and he is the most gentle
Throw anything at her husband; but Annie can collect their income
Has never been compared with their way of life, and since the beginning
There are a lot of universal and combined luxury.From
She can see that Mr. Smith is a man by his wife's description of him
Warm feelings, bad temper, habit of carelessness, not strong
Understand, kinder than his friends, and very unlike him,
Led by him, may be despised by him.Mr. Elliott, by his
Marry a rich man and be contented
Happiness and vanity that can be commanded without involving yourself,
(Because of his self-indulgence made him a prudent person), and
Began to become rich, just as his friend should find himself
Very poor, it seems that I don’t care about that friend
Possible financial situation, but on the contrary, has been prompting and
Encouraging expenditures that will only end in failure; and Mr. and Mrs. Smith
So it was destroyed.Husband died in time without fully understanding
it.The embarrassment they knew before was enough to try
The friendship of their friends proves that Mr. Elliott has a better life
Not to be judged; but until his death, his tragic situation
His things are well known.With trust in Mr. Eliot,
Mr. Smith thinks his feelings are more credible than his judgments
Appoint him as the executor; but Mr. Elliott will not take action,
And the difficulties and pain that this rejection brought her,
In addition to the inevitable pain of her situation,
Can’t contact or listen without mental pain
No corresponding outrage.Annie saw some of his letters on this occasion, the response to the emergency
Mrs. Smith’s application, they all made the same stern voice
Determined not to get involved in futile troubles and get caught in a cold
Civilization is equally ruthless to any evil
Might bring her.This is a terrible picture of ungratefulness
Inhumane; Annie sometimes feels that there is no blatant public crime
Could have been worse.She has a lot to listen to. all
The details of the past sad scenes, all the painful details
Pain, only hinted in previous conversations, now
Now live with a natural indulgence.Annie can
Comprehend the exquisite relief, but more inclined to
I want to know the calmness of her friend's usual mentality.There was an incident in the history of her grievances
Particularly exciting.She has good reasons to believe that some people
Her husband’s property in the West Indies
A type of seizure over many years to pay for one's own expenses
The encumbrance can be recovered through appropriate measures; and this
Although the wealth is not big, it is enough for her to compare
rich.But no one can participate.Mr. Elliott does nothing,
And she can’t do anything on her own, also from a personal disability
Due to her frail state and through hiring others
She is short of money.She doesn't even have a natural connection to help her
With their lawyer, she can't afford assistance
Legal.This is a cruel aggravation of actual constraints.Think she should be in a better environment, that a little bit
May do this in trouble in the right place, and worry about possible delays
Even weakening her claim is unbearable.It is at this point that she hopes to mediate with Annie
With Mr. Eliot.She was expecting their
Marriage, I am very worried about losing her friend; but in
I am sure that he will not make an attempt of this nature, because
He didn't even know she was in Bath, it happened immediately,
Under the influence of his woman, she might do something beneficial to her
Loved, she has been hurriedly preparing to arouse Annie’s feelings,
In terms of compliance permitted by Mr. Elliott’s character,
When Annie's rebuttal to the so-called engagement changed
Everything; although it took away new hope from her
Successfully solved the object of her first anxiety, at least left her
The comfort of telling the whole story in her own way.After hearing a complete description of Mr. Elliott, Annie couldn’t
But he was a little surprised when Mrs. Smith said that
It is advantageous at the beginning of their conversation."She seems
Recommend and praise him! "

"My dear," replied Mrs. Smith, "there is nothing else to do.I think you will marry him for sure, although he may not have
Make an offer, and I can’t tell the truth about him, like if he
Used to be your husband.As I said, my heart bleeds for you
Happiness; yet he is wise, he is pleasant, and there is such a
A woman like you is not completely hopeless.He is very unfriendly
His first wife.They are together miserably.But she is too ignorant
Dizzy for respect, he never loved her.I do
Hope you have a better life."

Annie can admit such a possibility in her heart
Was induced to marry him, which made her shudder at the idea
The suffering that will inevitably follow.She might
Persuaded by Mrs. Russell! And under this assumption,
This would have been the most tragic, when time also revealed everything
late?

It is very desirable for Mrs. Russell to stop being deceived;
And one of the summary arrangements for this important meeting,
Make them spend most of the morning, is
Annie has full freedom to convey all relevant information to her friends
To Mrs. Smith, which involves his actions.Chapter 22


Annie went home to think about everything she heard.A little bit, she
After hearing the news of Mr. Elliott, his mood was relieved..No
No longer gentle because of him.He stood against
Captain Wentworth, in his own unwelcome abruptness; and evil
His attention last night, the irreparable prank he might have committed
Completed, considered unqualified, no feeling of confusion.regret
Because he is over.But this is the only relief.In every
In other respects, she looked around, or looked forward, and she saw
More distrust and understanding.What she is worried about
Mrs. Russell will feel disappointed and pained; for
The humiliation that her father and sister had to endure, and
Foresee many evil pains, but don’t know how
Avoid any of them.She is most grateful for her knowledge
he.She never thought she was entitled to be rewarded
Laughing at old friends like Mrs. Smith, but it is indeed a reward
Emerge from it! Mrs. Smith can tell her that no one
Otherwise you can do.Whether knowledge can pass
Her family members? But this is a futile idea.She must talk to Mrs. Russell,
Tell her, discuss with her, do her best, wait for the incident to happen
Try to stay as calm as possible; after all, what she wants most
Calm will be in the mind that can't calm down
Open to Mrs. Russell; in a flow of anxiety and fear
Just for myself.When she got home, she found that she had escaped as she wanted.
See Mr. Eliot; he called them a long morning
Visit; but she hardly thanked herself and felt safe when
She heard that he is here again tonight."I'm not going to ask him at all," Elizabeth said.
Pretending to be careless," but he gave a lot of hints; so Mrs. Clay said, in
at least."

"Indeed, I said.I have never seen anyone in my life spell harder
An invitation.A miserable person! I really feel pain for him; for you
The cruel Miss Anne seems to be cruel."

"Oh!" Elizabeth exclaimed, "I'm so used to this game.
Will soon be conquered by the gentleman's hint.However, when I found out how
He regrets too much that he will miss my father this
In the morning, I immediately gave way because I would never really omit one
A chance to bring him and Sir Walter together.They look so
Advantages of working with each other.Every one is like this
happy.Mr. Elliott looked up with great respect."

"It's so pleasing to see!" Mrs. Clay called, but she didn't dare to turn her.
Look at Annie."Just like father and son! Dear Miss Eliot,
Can I not talk about father and son? "

"Oh! I don't forbid any body.If you have this
idea! However, according to my words, I can hardly feel his attention
Surpass other men."

"My dear Miss Eliot!" Mrs. Clay exclaimed, raising her hands and eyes.
And sink all the rest of her surprise in the convenient silence."Well, my dear Penelope, you don't have to worry about him.I did
Invite him, you know.I smiled and sent him away.When i found him
Really went to Thornbury Park and his friends all day
Tomorrow, I sympathize with him."

Annie admires this friend’s acting skills and is able to perform like this
Her happiness, in anticipation and actual arrival
That person's existence must have really disturbed her
Main target.It's impossible, but Mrs. Clay must hate this sight
Mr. Elliott; yet she can put on the most kind and calm expression,
And seems to be satisfied with the reduced dedication license
Her contribution to Sir Walter is only half of what she did
Otherwise.For Annie herself, seeing Mr. Elliott entering the room was the most distressing.
Room; it's painful to get him close and talk to her.she has
I used to think he couldn’t be sincere all the time, but
Now she sees all the hypocrisy.His diligent respect for her
Compared with his previous language, father is an abomination; when she
Thinking of his cruel behavior towards Mrs. Smith, she couldn't bear it.
See his smile and gentleness now, or his voice
Artificial good mood.She meant to avoid any behavior changes that might irritate others.
He protested.Escape from everything is a great goal for her
Enquiry or ecla; but her intention is to calm down
He may be compatible with their relationship; and go back, such as
As quietly as possible, her unnecessary steps of intimacy
Be gradually guided.Therefore, she is more cautious and more
Cooler than her the night before.He wants to stimulate her curiosity again and let her know how and where he can
Heard her previous compliments; desperately want to be satisfied
More temptation; but the charm is broken: he finds heat and
An animation of a public room is necessary to ignite his humble cousin’s
Vanity; he found, at least, no one should do this now
The attempts he might risk
other.He kind of guessed that this is the target of acting now
Completely contrary to his interest and immediately made her think of all
The most inexcusable part of his behavior.She was somewhat relieved to find that he was really going crazy
Take a shower the next morning, go early and he will leave
Most of the two days.He was invited to Camden Square again
The night he came back; but from Thursday to Saturday night his
Absence is for sure.Mrs. Clay should be bad enough
Always in front of her; but a deeper hypocrite should be added to them
The party seems to ruin everything, like peace and comfort.it
Reflecting on the deceitful behavior that is constantly being carried out is so humiliating
Her father and Elizabeth; consider various sources
Humiliation for them! Mrs. Clay's selfishness is not so
Not as complicated as his, and not so offensive; Annie will get back together
Immediately take this marriage, with all its sins, from Mr. Elliott’s
Try to prevent its subtleties.She plans to see Mrs. Russell early on Friday morning
Complete the necessary communication; she will go
Just finished breakfast, but Mrs. Clay also went out to play
The urgent purpose of saving her sister’s troubles made her decide
Wait till she can stay away from such a companion.She saw Mrs. Clay
So before she started talking about spending the morning
(Rivers Street)."Very well," Elizabeth said, "I have nothing to give but my love..Oh!
You might as well take back the boring book she lent me, and
Pretend I have read through.I really can't worry about myself
With the emergence of all new poems and countries.Mrs. Russell is bored with her new publication.You do not need
Tell her, but I thought her dress was ugly that night.I used
I think she has a little taste in dressing, but I am ashamed of her
concert.Something so formal and _arranged in her air! She just sits like this
upright! My best love, of course."

"And mine," Sir Walter added."Most kind regards.You might say, that
I mean to visit her soon.Send a civil message; but I will only
Leave my card.In her day, morning visits were never fair to women
Life, who made himself so small.If she only wears rouge
She is not afraid of being seen; but the last time I called, I
Observe that the blinds are immediately lowered."

Just as her father was speaking, there was a knock on the door..Who can
Yes? Annie, remember that Mr. will coordinate the visit in advance at all times
Elliott, would have expected him, but for the seven known
A few miles away.After the usual suspense, the usual voice
Hearing the approach, "Mr. and Mrs. Charles Musgrove" ushered in
Enter that room.Surprise is the strongest emotion triggered by their appearance; but Annie
It’s really nice to see them; the others are not so sorry, but
They can show a decent welcome atmosphere; once it becomes
Obviously, these, their nearest relatives, did not bring any
View of accommodation in that house, Sir Walter and Elizabeth
Able to rise up graciously and complete its honor well.they
Came to Bath with Mrs. Musgrove for a few days
White deer.Soon understood a lot; but until Sir Walter
Elizabeth took Mary into another living room,
Taking pleasure in her admiration, Annie couldn’t take advantage of
Charles’ brain, used to record the regular history of their arrival, or
Explanation of hints of smiles for certain specific businesses,
Surrendered by Mary, and some obvious
Confusion about who made up their party.Then she discovered that it was created by Mrs. Musgrove, Henrietta and
Captain Javier, beside their two selves.He gave her a very plain,
Understandable overall description; a narrative in which she sees a great
The most distinctive program.The plan has been received
Captain Havel’s first impulse to come to Bath
business.He started talking about it a week ago. And by doing
Something, when the filming was over, Charles proposed to go with him,
Mrs. Havel seems to like this idea very much because
Good for her husband; but Mary couldn’t bear to leave, and
Made her so upset that everything in a day or two
Seems to be in suspense, or it's over.But then it was occupied
By his father and mother.His mother has some old friends in Bath
She wants to see; this is considered a good opportunity for Henrietta
To buy her and her sister's wedding dress; in short,
It ends with his mother’s party, everything is possible
Captain Javier is comfortable and relaxed; he and Mary are also included
For general convenience.They arrive very late
before.Mrs. Havel, her children and Captain Banwick stay
Mr. Musgrove and Louisa of Uppercross.Annie’s only surprise is that things should be avant-garde enough
Henrietta's wedding dress is worth talking about.She had imagined this
The difficulty of fate exists there, marriage must be prevented
From close at hand; but she learned from Charles that very
Recently, (since Mary wrote her last letter), Charles Hayter
Applied by a friend as a young man who cannot make ends meet
May claim it for many years; and rely on his power
The current income is almost certainly something more lasting
The two families agreed long before the term of office.
Young people’s wishes, their marriage is likely to happen
A few months later, just like Louisa."And it's fine
Yes," Charles added, "It's only fifty or twenty miles from Upper Cross, and
In a very good country: a great place in Dorset.In the city center
Some of the best protected areas in the kingdom, surrounded by three huge
Owners, one is more careful and more jealous than one; and two
Of at least three people, Charles Haight might get a special
recommend.It’s not that he will value it as much as he should," he said.
"Charles is so cool about sports.This is his worst place."

"Indeed, I am very happy," Annie called. "I am very happy that this
It should happen; there are two more sisters, they both deserve the same treatment,
With people who have always been good friends, bright prospects
One should not darken the other-they should
Their prosperity and comfort are equal.I hope your mom and dad
Very satisfied with both."

"Oh yes.If this is the case for gentlemen, my father would be very happy
Richer, but he has no other problems to look for.Money, you know, here comes
Spending money-having two daughters at the same time-this is not a very pleasant thing
Surgery, which made him stronger in many things.However, I don't
Means that they have no rights.Very suitable for what they should
Has shares in his daughter; I believe he has always been a very kind person,
My free father.Mary doesn't like Henrietta's game.She never did, you know.But she treated him unfairly, nor did she think
Enough about Winthrop.I can't make her pay attention to the value of this
property.Over time, this is a very fair game; I like
Charles Hayter (Charles Hayter) I will never leave my whole life."

"Excellent parents like the Musgroves," Annie exclaimed.
"Should be happy in the child's marriage.They do their best
Give happiness, i'm sure.How lucky it is for young people
Such a hand! Your father and mother seem to get rid of those
Ambitious feelings have led to so much misbehavior and pain,
Regardless of age.I hope you think Luisa is fully recovered
right now? "

He replied hesitantly: "Yes, I believe I know; very
Recovered; but she was changed; no running or jumping, no
Laugh or dance; it's totally different.If one only happens
Closing the door a little harder, she started to wriggle like a young man
Pat the chicks in the water; Benwick sits on her elbows, reading poems,
Or whisper to her all day long."

Annie couldn't help but smile."It's not to your taste, I
Know," she said; "but I believe he is a good young man."

"Be sure he is.No one doubts it; I hope you don’t think I’m
So unfree that I hope everyone has the same objects and
As my own happiness.I’m very valuable to Benwick; be a
I can only let him talk, he has a lot to say.His reading is finished
There is no harm in him, because he fights as well as reading.He is a brave man.I knew him better than ever last Monday.we
There is a famous setting in my father's great mouse hunt all morning
The barn; he plays well, I like him better
since."

Here they are interrupted by Charles' absolute necessity
Follow others to appreciate mirrors and porcelain; but Annie has heard of
Enough to understand the status quo of Uppercross and enjoy it
Its happiness; although she sighed while being happy, her sigh did not
Jealous malice.She will definitely rise to theirs
Bless her if you can, but she doesn’t want to reduce their blessing.The visit ended with a high sense of humor.Mary is
Good spirits, enjoy joy and change, etc.
Satisfied with the journey of four people in the mother-in-law carriage
Ma, and her own completely independent Camden Square,
Her temper is everything she should appreciate, and
Easiest access to all the advantages of the house because they
Introduced to her in detail.She has no demands on her father and sister, and
Their handsomeness is enough to increase her consequences
living room.Elizabeth suffered a lot in a short period of time.She feels
Mrs. Musgrove should be invited to dinner with all her people; but
She can’t bear to have a difference in style and reduce
Servant who must betray for dinner, witnessed by those who have been
Always inferior to Elliott of Kelich.This is a struggle
Between etiquette and vanity; but vanity gets better and then
Elizabeth is happy again.These are her inner persuasion: "Old
Outdated ideas; country hospitality; we don't claim to give
Dinner; few people in Bath do this; Mrs. Alicia never does it; not even
Ask her sister’s family, although they have been here for a month: I dare
Said it was very inconvenient for Mrs. Musgrove; it made her very upset
Her way.I believe she would rather not come; she cannot feel relaxed
with us.I will invite them to spend a night together; it will be much better;
It will be a novelty and a pleasure.They haven't seen two such
Previous living room.They will be happy to come tomorrow
at night.It should be an ordinary party, small and most elegant."  with
This made Elizabeth very satisfied: when the invitation was sent to the two
Attended and promised to be absent, Mary was completely satisfied.She was specifically asked to meet with Mr. Elliot and was introduced to Lady
Dalrymple and Miss Carteret, luckily they are engaged
Come; she can't get more satisfying attention.Miss Elliott had the honor to visit Mrs. Musgrove
Morning class; Anne took Charles and Mary away
See her and Henrietta directly.Her plan to sit with Mrs. Russell must give way to the present.The three of them all called on Rivers Street for a few minutes. but
Annie convinced herself that the original communication was delayed by one day
It may not matter, and quickly went to Bailu
I saw my friends and companions from last fall again, with a
The well-intentioned desire formed by many associations.They found Mrs. Musgrove and her daughter in it, and they found it themselves
Annie received the warmest welcome from everyone.Henrietta is there
Recently improved state of opinion, freshly formed happiness, which makes
She is full of respect and interest in everyone she ever liked
Fundamentally; Mrs. Musgrove's true love was won by her
Useful when they are in trouble.This is a kind of passion, but also a kind
The warmth and sincerity from sorrow, Annie prefers
I want such a blessing at home.She was asked to give them as much as possible
She has as much time as she can, being invited every day and all day, or
But to claim to be part of the family; in return, she naturally
Fall into her usual way of attention and help, and then
Charles kept them together, listening to Mrs. Musgrove
Louisa’s history, and Henrietta’s own history, right
Business, and recommendations to the store; the interval between each help
Mary asked, from changing her ribbon to checkout;
From finding her keys, organizing her trinkets, to trying
Convince her that she was not abused by anyone; which Mary, okay
In her station, she was standing by the window overlooking
The entrance of the pump room can't help but make people think about it.A completely chaotic morning is to be expected.A grand party
A hotel ensures a rapidly changing and unstable scene.One or five minutes
I brought a note, and the next one is a package; Annie hasn’t been there for half a year.
For an hour, although their restaurant is spacious, it seems to be more than half
Full of seats: a group of stable old friends sitting around Mrs. Musgrove,
Charles returned with Captain Javier and Captain Wentworth.This
The appearance of the latter is simply surprising
moment.She can't forget this feeling
The arrival of their mutual friends must bring them together soon
once again.Their last meeting was for the one who opened him
Feelings; she derives delightful conviction from it; but she
From his eyes, afraid of the same unfortunate persuasion,
Urge him to leave the concert hall and still be ruled.He didn't
Seems to want to be close enough to have a conversation.She tried to stay calm, let things go with the flow, and tried
Discuss this argument of rational dependence in detail:-"Of course, if
Every party has constant attachment, our heart must understand
Each other for a long time.We are not boys and girls, we have to be picky
Be irritable, be misled inadvertently every moment, play wantonly
Use our own happiness."However, after a few minutes, she felt
As if accompanied by each other, in their present moment
Situation that only exposes them to negligence and
The most mischievous misunderstanding."Anne," Mary shouted from the window, "Mrs. Clay is here, I'm sure.
Standing under the colonnade, a gentleman is with her.I see them
Just now from the corner of Bath Street.They seem to talk very deeply.Who is this? Come tell me.Oh my God! I remember.Yes, sir
Eliot himself."

"No," Anne called out quickly, "it can't be Mr. Elliott, I assure you.he
Leaving Bath at nine o’clock this morning until
tomorrow."

While talking, she felt Captain Wentworth looking at her.
This makes her feel annoyed and embarrassed and makes her regret
She said so much, although simple.Mary resents that she shouldn't know her own cousin,
Began to talk about family characteristics very enthusiastically and protested
More surely, it’s Mr. Elliott who once again appealed to Annie
Came to find herself, but Annie didn't want to move, but tried
Keep calm and indifferent.However, when she realized
Smiles and smart eyes pass between two or three ladies
Visitors, it seems they believe the secret very much.it is
Obviously, the report about her had spread, and there was a short pause.
Succeeded, which seems to ensure that it will now spread farther."Come on, Annie," Mary cried, "Come and see yourself.You too
If you are not in a hurry.They are parting; they are trembling
hand.He turned and left.I don’t know Mr. Elliott, indeed! You seem
Forgot all about Lyme."

In order to appease Mary, or to hide her embarrassment, Annie did move
Walked quietly to the window.She came just in time to make sure it
It’s really Mr. Eliot, she never believed it, before him
One side disappeared, and Mrs. Clay quickly walked away from the other side;
And check her surprise in this situation
The emergence of a friendly meeting between two completely different people
Contrary to interest, she said calmly: “Yes, it’s Mr. Eliot, of course.He changed his departure time, I thought, that's it, or maybe I
Wrong, I may not participate;" Then walked back to her chair,
Regroup and hope for the comfort of acquittal
Excellent.The tourists are gone; and Charles, have met them politely
Left, then made a face at them, insulted them, and started
with - 

"Well, mom, I did something for you that you would like.I
Been to the theater and prepared a box for tomorrow night.ant
Am I a good boy? I know you like drama; we all have space.It has nine.I'm engaged to Captain Wentworth.Annie won't
Sorry to join us, i'm sure.We all like to play.Haven't i done it
How is it, mom? "

Mrs. Musgrove humorously began to express her perfection
If Henrietta and everyone else like it,
Mary yelled eagerly, interrupting her--

"My God, Charles! How could you think of such a thing? Take a box
Tomorrow evening! Did you forget that we were engaged to Camden
Where is tomorrow night? We were specifically asked to meet
Mrs. Dalrymple and her daughter, Mr. Elliott, and all principals
Family relationship, deliberately introduced to them? How can you
So forgetful? "

"Puff! Puff!" Charles replied, "What is a party? It is never worth it
remember.I think your father might invite us to dinner if he
Want to see us.You can do whatever you want, but I will go
play."

"Oh! Charles, I declare that if you do this is too damning, when you
Promise to go."

"No, I didn't promise.I just bowed with a wry smile and said a word
'Happy.'no promises."

"But you have to go, Charles.Failure is unforgivable.We used to
Deliberately ask for introduction.There is always such a great
The connection between Dalrymples and us.Nothing happened
Neither party announced immediately.We are close
Relationship, you know; and Mr. Elliott, you should pay special attention to him
Get to know! Every attention goes to Mr. Elliott.consider,
My father’s heir: a representative of the future of the family."

"Don't talk to me about heirs and representatives," Charles shouted.."I
I am not one of those who ignore the ruling power and bow to rise
sun.If I don’t go for your father, I should think about it
It is shameful to go for his heir.What is Mr. Eliot to me? "
A careless expression is life to Annie, she saw the captain
Wentworth was engrossed, watching and listening attentively;
The last sentence moved his curious eyes from Charles to
Herself.Charles and Mary still talk in the same way. He, semi-seriously
Half-joking, maintaining the plan of the script, and she,
Always be serious, oppose the most ardently, and spare no effort
As everyone knows, no matter she decides to go to Camden Square by herself,
I don’t think I’m very useful, I just want to play on my own
Without her.Mrs. Musgrove interjects."We better postpone.Charles, you better go back
Change the box on Tuesday.It's a pity that we split the meeting, we
If Miss Anne held a party with her father, she should lose her too;
I believe neither Henrietta nor I should care about this show,
If Miss Anne can't be with us."

Annie thinks she really appreciates her kindness. Almost the same
Because it gave her the opportunity to say categorically--

"If it only depends on my preference, ma'am, the party at home
(Except for Mary’s account) will not be the smallest obstacle.I
I don’t like this kind of meeting, I should be happy
Change the scene, with you.However, it is best not to
Tried, maybe."She has said it; but she trembles when it says it
Finished, realized that her words were being listened to, and didn't even dare
Try to observe their effects.People quickly agreed that Tuesday should be this day. Charles
Keep only the benefits of continuing to tease your wife, insist
If no one else wants, he will go to the theater tomorrow.Captain Wentworth left his seat and walked towards the fireplace. probably
Order to leave it soon and take
Station, less exposed design, Annie."You haven't been in Bath long enough," he said. "It's too late to enjoy the night.
Local party."

"Oh no.Their usual character is meaningless to me.I'm not
Card player."

"You weren't before, I know.You didn’t like cards before; but
Time will make a lot of changes."

"I haven't changed much yet," Annie shouted, then stopped, afraid of her
Hardly know what's the misunderstanding.After waiting for a while, he said:
As if it were the result of direct feeling, "This is a period,
indeed! Eight and a half years is a period."

Whether he will go further is left to Annie's imagination.
Thinking in a calm moment; when he is still hearing the sound
As soon as the voice fell, she was shocked by Henrietta about other subjects and eagerly wanted
Go out in my free time and visit her
Friends hurry up, lest anyone come in.They are forced to move.Annie talked about being fully prepared, and
Tried to see it; but she thought Henrietta would know
Her heart regrets and unwilling to leave that chair, ready to
Leaving the room, she will find that in all her own feelings
Her cousin is very safe in his relationship and deserves sympathy
she was.However, their preparations came to an abrupt end.The shocking voice is
Heard; other guests approached and the door opened for Mr.
Walter and Miss Elliott, their entrance seems to give a general chill.Annie instantly felt the pressure, and symptoms appeared everywhere she went
the same.The comfort, freedom, and joy of the room are
After the end, fall into indifference, resolute silence or plain conversation,
To meet the ruthless grace of father and sister.how is it
It's embarrassing!

Her jealous eyes are satisfied with a certain aspect.Captain Wentworth is
Everyone admits once again that Elizabeth is kinder than before.She even spoke to him once and looked at him more than once.In fact, Elizabeth is a big measure.sequel
explained.After wasting a few minutes to say the right thing
It’s nothing, she started to send out invitations, which includes all
Musgroves remaining dues."Tomorrow night, see a few
Friends: no formal party."All of this is very elegant, and
The card she provided to herself, "Miss Eliot at home",
Was placed on the table, with a polite and comprehensive smile to everyone,
Smile more clearly and a card for Captain Wentworth.This
The fact is that Elizabeth stayed in Bath long enough to understand
The importance of a personable person like him.past
It's nothing.Now it’s Captain Wentworth who will walk around
In her living room.This card is given in a targeted manner, Sir Walter.
Elizabeth got up and disappeared.The interruption is short, but severe, and easy and animated
When the door shut them out, they returned to most of the people they left, but no
For Annie.She can only think of the invitation she received
Surprise witnessed and how it is
Received; a suspicious meaning, surprising rather than
Satisfaction, polite admission rather than acceptance.she was
Know him; she saw disdain in his eyes, can't believe it
He decided to accept this sacrifice as an atonement for him
All the arrogance of the past.Her spirit sank.He is holding a card
His hand after they left, as if thinking deeply."Just think about Elizabeth and everyone!" Mary whispered
Audible."I’m not surprised that Captain Wentworth is very happy! Look at him
Can't take the card out of his hand."

Annie saw his eyes, saw his cheeks glowing, and his mouth formed naturally
Turned into a moment of contempt, then turned and left and said she
I may not see or hear more to bother her.The party broke up.Gentlemen have their own pursuits, ladies
To continue their business, they never met again, and Annie
Belong to them.She was begged earnestly to come back for dinner,
Give them the rest of the day, but her spirit has been so long
Forcefully say that at present she feels she can’t compare more, just suitable
Home, where she might be as quiet as she chose.Promised to be with them the next morning,
Therefore, she ended her current fatigue through hard walking
Camden Square, spent a night there, mainly listening
Elizabeth and Mrs. Clay are busy arranging tomorrow's party
Frequent enumeration of invited people, and constantly
Improve the details of all decorations to make it
Bath's most elegant kind, while harassing himself
With never-ending questions, will Captain Wentworth come
or not? They thought he was certain, but for her it was a
The unforgettable care has never subsided for five minutes together.she was
It is generally thought that he will come because she generally thinks that he
Yes; but this is a case she can't make into any positive
The act of obligation or discretion, because it inevitably violates
Very opposite feeling.She just awoke from this restless meditation,
Let Mrs. Clay know that she and Mr. Elliott have met for three hours
After he should have left Bath, because he watched in vain
In order to get some hints about the interview from the lady herself, she
Decided to bring it up, in her opinion, the wife seemed guilty
Clay's listening face.It is short-lived: in a
Immediate; but Annie can imagine she read there
Yes, due to the complexity of some mutual deception, or some domineering
His authority, had to participate (maybe half an hour)
His speech to Sir Walter and the restrictions on her design.she was
However, exclaiming in a very tolerable way of imitating nature:-

"Oh! Honey! Very real.Just think about it, Miss Elliott, what surprised me was me
Meet Mr. Eliot on Bath Street.I have never been so surprised.he
Turn around and walk with me to the pumping ground.He was stopped
Set off to Thornbury, but I really forgot; because I was in a
Hurry up, there is no way to participate, I can only answer his existence
Determined not to delay his return.He wants to know how
He may be admitted to the hospital early tomorrow.He is full of "tomorrow",
Obviously, I am also full of it since I
Entered the house and learned about the extension of your plan and all this
Has happened, or I see that he can never leave so completely
my head."



Chapter 23


It has only been a day since Anne and Mrs. Smith talked. But one
The stronger interest succeeded, she is rarely moved by her husband now
Elliott’s behavior, in addition to the influence in the quarter, it became
Of course, the next morning, she postponed her explanation
Visit river street.She vowed to be with the Musgrove family
Breakfast to dinner.Her faith is in trouble, and Mr. Elliott’s
Character, like the head of Sultaness Scheherazade, must live out another
day.However, she was unable to make the appointment on time. Weather is
Disadvantage, she feels sad for her friend's rain
Before she could do it, she felt very much in herself
Try walking.When she arrived at Bailu, and went to
She found that she didn’t arrive in time for a suitable apartment.
Not the first to arrive.The party in front of her is Mrs. Musgrove,
Talk to Mrs. Croft, Captain Havel and Captain Wentworth; and
She immediately heard that Mary and Henrietta were waiting impatiently,
I went out the moment I cleaned up, but I'll be back soon,
The strictest ban is left to Mrs. Musgrove
Keep her there until they come back.She just has to give in, sit down,
The surface is calm, I feel like I'm in all of a sudden
Excited, she just means she tasted a bit
Before closing in the morning.No delays, no time wasted.she was
Deeply immersed in this kind of painful happiness, or this kind of pain
Happiness, moment.Two minutes after entering the room, the captain
Wentworth said--

"We’ll write the letter we’re talking about, Javier, now if you
Will give me materials."

The materials are at hand, on a separate table; he went there, almost
Turn your back to them and write intensively.Mrs. Musgrove is telling Mrs. Croft the history of her eldest daughter
Participate, just in that inconvenient tone
It is completely audible when it pretends to be a whisper.Annie thinks
She is not part of the conversation, however, as Captain Havel
She seems to be very considerate, not going to speak, she can't avoid hearing
Many unwelcome details; for example, "How did Mr. Musgrove and my brother
Haite met again and again to discuss. What my brother haite
I said the day before, what suggestions Mr. Musgrove made next, and
My sister Haite thought of the young man’s wishes,
I could never agree with what I said at the beginning, but then
Be persuaded that it might do well," and a lot of the same
An open and honest way of communication: the minutiae, even if every
The advantage of taste and deliciousness is something the kind-hearted Mrs. Musgrove can’t do.
Give, only the principal will be interested.Mrs Croft
She was very humorous when she attended, and whenever she spoke,
Very wise.Annie hopes everyone is going too far, gentlemen
Listen to yourself."So, madam, consider all these things," said Mrs. Musgrove, in her
A powerful whisper, "Although we could have hoped it was different, but,
In general, we think it’s unfair not to stand out anymore because
Charles Hayter was very enthusiastic about it, and Henrietta was very close
It’s just as bad; so we think they’d better get married right away
The best, as many others did before them.Anyway, I said,
This is better than a long-term engagement."

"This is exactly what I want to observe," Mrs. Croft called.."I
I would rather let young people settle down on a small income immediately, and
Must overcome some difficulties together instead of participating in it
Long-term engagement.I always thought there was no mutual—"

"Oh! Dear Mrs. Croft," cried Mrs. Musgrove, unable to let her finish.
In the speech, “For young people, nothing is longer than
got engaged.This is what I have been protesting for my children.it
Everything is fine, I once said, let young people get engaged if
They can get married within six months, or
Even at twelve; but a long-term engagement—"

"Yes, dear madam," said Mrs. Croft, "or an uncertain engagement,
Engagement can be a long time.Start without knowing this
There will be a way to get married, I think it’s very insecure
Unwise, I think all parents should avoid as much as possible."

Annie found interest here unexpectedly.She thinks it applies to
Herself, feeling it in the intense stimulation of her whole body; at the same time
At the moment when she instinctively looked at the distant table,
Captain Wentworth's pen stopped, he raised his head and paused.
Listen, the next moment he turned around and took a look, a
Look at her quickly and consciously.The two ladies continued to talk, urging the same accepted truth again,
And use examples of such opposite adverse effects to enforce them
Practice within their observation range, but Annie hears nothing
Obviously; her ears are just buzzing, her mind
confused.Captain Javier, he didn’t actually hear anything, and now he’s leaving
His seat moved to the window, Annie seemed to be watching him, although
He gradually understood from being completely absent-minded
Invite her to stand with him where he is standing.He looked at her with a look
Smiled and moved his head slightly, saying: "Come to me, I
There is something to say;" and an unaffected, relaxed manner
This expresses the feelings of acquaintances older than his actual age,
Strongly execute the invitation.She woke up and walked towards him.The window where he is standing is at the other end of the room
The place where the two ladies sit, although it’s closer to the captain
Wentworth's table, not very close.When she joined him, the captain
Havel returned to a serious, thoughtful look on his face
This seems to be its natural feature."Look here," he said, opening a package in his hand and showing a
"Small miniature painting, "Do you know who it is?"

"Of course: Captain Banwick."

"Yes, you might guess who it is for.But, "(in a deep tone)" this is
Not done for her.Miss Eliot, do you remember us walking together?
Lyme, sad for him? I didn't expect it back then-but it doesn't matter.This is painted in the cape.He met a smart young German artist
At the cape, keep the promise to my poor sister, sit down
Him and take it home to her; I am now responsible
Set it up correctly for the other one! This is a commission for me! but
Who else can you hire? I hope i can allow him.I'm not
Sorry, indeed, give it to another.He took it;" (Looking at
To Captain Wentworth,) "He is writing about it now."and with
He added with trembling lips, "Poor Fanny! She will
Forget about him so soon! "

"No," Annie replied in a low, emotional voice.."I can easily
Believe."

"It's not her nature.She spoiled him."

"Women who really love don't have this kind of nature."

Captain Javier smiled and said, "You are for your
Sex? She answered the question and smiled, "Yes.Of course we
Don't forget you as soon as we forget.Maybe this is our destiny
Not our credit.We can't extricate ourselves.We live at home,
Quiet, closed, our feelings rob us.You are forced
Force.You always have some career, pursuit, career
Sort or otherwise, immediately take you back to the world, and
Continued occupation and change will soon weaken the impression."

"Acknowledge your assertion that the world did all this for men so quickly
(However, I don’t think I will grant it), it does not apply to
Benvik.He was not forced to put in any effort.Peace becomes
At the moment he is on the shore, he has been living with us, in our
Small family circle, since then."

"Yes," said Annie, "very real; I don't remember; but what should we do?
Now, Captain Javier? If the change does not come from outside
Situation, it must come from within; it must be natural, human nature,
Business for Captain Banwick."

"No, no, it's not human nature.I won't let it become more people
Compared with women, their nature is capricious and forget the people they love, or
Loved.I believe the reverse.I believe in a true analogy
Between our body frame and our spirit; just like our body
The strongest is also our feelings; can bear the roughest
Use and survive the worst weather."

"Your feelings may be the strongest," Annie replied, "but the same
The spirit of analogy will empower me to assert that we are the most
tender.Men are stronger than women, but his life span is not long;
This just explains my view on the nature of their attachment.No, it’s too difficult for you, otherwise.you have
Difficulties, scarcity and danger are enough to fight against.you
Always work hard, face various risks and hardships.Your home, country, and friends have all given up.Whether it’s time or health,
It’s not life, it’s called your own.It will be really hard" (using
Trembling voice), "If you want to add a woman’s feelings to all of this."

"We will never agree on this issue," Captain Havel said
As soon as the voice fell, a slight noise caught the captain’s attention.
Wentworth so far very quiet room division.it is
It's just that his pen fell off; but Annie was taken aback
Found him closer than she thought, and half inclined
Suspect that the pen fell only because he was occupied
They tried to capture the sound, but she didn’t think he could
Caught."Have you finished writing your letter?" said Captain Havel."Not complete, there are a few more lines.I will finish in five minutes."

"I'm not in a hurry.I only when you are ready.I'm
It’s a very good anchorage here," (smiling to Annie)"The supply is abundant, and
Want nothing.Not in a hurry to receive a signal.Well, Miss Eliot,"
(Lower voice,) "As I said, we will never agree, I think,
At this point.Without men and women, maybe.But let me
Note that all history is against you-all stories, prose and
poetry.If I have memories like Benwick, I can bring you fifty
I will quote my argument for a while, I don’t think I
I once opened a book that I have nothing to say in my life
Women's capriciousness.Songs and proverbs are all women's topics
Fickle.But maybe you will say that these are all written by men."

"Maybe I will.Yes, yes, please don’t refer to it if you want
books.Men make the most of us in telling their own stories.Education is theirs to such a high degree; the pen has
In their hands.I won't let the book prove anything."

"But how do we prove it?"

"We will never.We can never expect to prove anything in such a situation
View.This is a disagreement that does not recognize evidence.Every one of us might have a little bit of prejudice against our own gender at the beginning; and
Build on the basis of this prejudice all conditions that favor it
Happened in our own circles; many of these (perhaps
Those cases that impressed us the most) may happen to be like this
Can’t be proposed without betraying confidence, or under certain circumstances
Respect for the things that shouldn't be said."

"Ah!" Captain Havel exclaimed with a strong feeling, "If I can
But when he looks at it for the last time, it makes you understand the pain of a person
His wife and children, watching the boat he took them off
Yes, as long as it’s within sight, then turn around and say, "God knows
Will we meet again! Then, if I can convey to you
When he sees them again, his soul will shine; when will he come back
Absence of twelve months, perhaps, had to enter another port,
He calculates how long it will take them there, pretending
Deceive yourself and say: "They can't be here until this day," but
I have always hoped that they will be twelve hours earlier and see
Finally arrived, as if heaven gave them wings, several hours ahead of schedule
still! If I can explain to you all this and all that a man can bear
And do it for his treasures and be proud of it
exist! You know, I only talk about those who are interested! "
Squeeze yourself with emotion."Oh!" Annie yelled eagerly: "I hope I can treat everyone who feels it fairly
You, and those who are similar to you.God bless i shouldn't
Underestimated the warmth and loyal feelings of any one of me
My fellow citizens! If I dare, I should be completely despised
Assuming true attachment and perseverance are only known to women.No, I believe you have the ability to be in your married
life.I believe you are equal to every important effort, every
Domestic tolerance, as long as-if I can be allowed
Expressions-as long as you have objects.I mean to be that woman you
Love life, born for you.All the privileges I claim for myself
Sex (this is not a very enviable sex; you don’t have to be greedy for it), yes
Love the longest, when it exists or when hope disappears."

She couldn't say another word right away. Her heart is
Too full, her breathing is too depressed."You are a good person," Captain Javier yelled, putting his hand on her.
Arm, very kind."I didn't quarrel with you.with
When I think of Benwick, my tongue is tied."

Their attention is drawn to other people.Mrs. Croft is taking
go away."Here, Frederick, I believe you broke up with me," she said."I'm
Go home, you and your friend are engaged.Tonight we
May be fortunate enough to meet again at your party," (turning to
Annie.) "Yesterday we got your sister's card, I understand
Frederick also has a card, although I didn’t see it; you are
Frederick, aren't you the same as ourselves? "

Captain Wentworth is hurriedly folding a letter, or
Can't or won't answer completely."Yes," he said, "very real; we are separated here, but Javier and I will
Will catch up to you soon; that is, Javier, if you’re ready, I’m halfway
minute.I know you won't regret leaving.I will be by your side
Half-minute service."

Mrs. Croft left them, and Captain Wentworth put his envelope up
At a very fast speed, it was indeed ready, and there was even a rushed, excited
Air, it shows the disappearance of impatience.Annie don't know what to do
Understand it.She has the most kind "Good morning, God bless you!" from
Captain Javier, but he didn't have a word, a look in his eyes! He has passed
I got out of the room without looking at it!

However, she only had time to get close to the table he let off.
Keep writing, when the footsteps come back; the door opens, it
It's himself.He asked for their forgiveness, but he forgot his gloves,
Immediately walked across the room to the desk, he took out one
The letter is placed in front of Annie with his eyes under the scattered paper
Suddenly made a fierce pleading to her and hurriedly collected his
Almost before Mrs. Musgrove realized he left the room again
He is in it: momentary work!

The revolution caused by Annie in an instant almost surpassed
expression.This letter, whose direction is illegible, is addressed to "Miss A.Yes.——," Apparently it was the one he hurriedly folded.Although he should only write to Captain Benwick, he also
Tell her! The content of this letter depends on it all
The world can do it for her.Everything is possible, everything is possible
Contempt instead of suspense.Mrs. Musgrove has almost no arrangements
On her own table; for their protection, she must trust, and
Sank into the chair he had sat on, and then
Where he was leaning against writing, her eyes swallowed the things below
word:


"I can no longer listen in silence.I have to talk to you this way
Within reach.You pierced my soul.I'm half painful and half painful
hope.Tell me not to say I am too late, this precious feeling is
Disappeared forever.I dedicate to you again with a heart more like you
Owned when it was almost broken than you, eight and a half years ago.dare
Don’t say that men forget earlier than women, his love has a
Die early.I have never loved except you.I may be unjust,
I have been weak and resentful, but never changeable.You alone have
Take me to bath.Just for you, i want and plan.do you have
See this? Can you understand my wish? I do not have
After waiting for these ten days, can I understand how you feel?
You must have penetrated mine.I can hardly write.I always
Hear something overwhelming me.You lower your voice, but I can
When they get lost in other people, distinguish the pitch of that voice.That's great, such an excellent creature! You do justice for us, indeed.you do
Believe in true attachment and perseverance between men.Believe
In F, it is the most passionate and determined.in."I must go, my destiny is uncertain; but I will come back here, or follow
Your party as soon as possible.One sentence, one look is enough
Decide if I will enter your father's house tonight."


A letter like this won't come from soon.half an hour
Loneliness and reflection could have calmed her down; but ten
A few minutes passed and she was interrupted, all
Restrain her situation, and can't do anything about peace.Bring fresh excitement every moment.It's overwhelming
happy.And before she completely surpassed the first stage
It was a sensation that Charles, Mary, and Henrietta all came in..It looks like her own absolute necessity arises
Direct struggle; but after a while, she can't do it again.She started
They couldn’t understand a word and had to plead
Discomfort and forgive yourself.Then they can see how she looks
Very sick, shocked and worried, would not move without her
For the world.this is too scary.Would they just leave and then
Leave her in that room, she was originally hers
Healed; but letting them all stand or wait by her side is
Distracted, desperate, she said she would go home."Anyway, my dear," cried Mrs. Musgrove, "just go home, and
Take care of yourself so you can adapt to the evening.I hope
Sarah is here to treat you, but I am not a doctor myself.Charles, the ring
And order a chair.She can't walk."

But the chair will never be made.Worse than everyone! Lost possibility
During her quiet process, she said a few words to Captain Wentworth.
Go alone in town (she will almost certainly meet
He) can't stand.The chair was strongly protested,
And Mrs. Musgrove, she only thought of one disease,
A little anxiously assured myself that I did not fall
Case; Annie has not slipped and been hit recently
On her head; she completely believes that she did not fall;
Can break up with her happily and rely on discovering that she is better at
night.Annie eagerly wanted to ignore any possible precautions, struggling to say--

"I'm worried, ma'am, it is not fully understood.Pray like this
It’s nice to mention to other gentlemen that we want to see you
The whole party tonight.I'm afraid there is something wrong; and
I especially want you to assure Captain Havel and Captain
Wentworth, we want to see them both."

"Oh! Honey, it's clear, I promise you.team leader
Javier did not expect to go."

"You think so? But I'm scared; I should be very sorry.When you see them again, can you promise me to mention it? You can
I saw them two this morning, I dare say.promise me."

"Of course, if you want, I will.Charles, if you see the captain
Anywhere in Havel, remember to leave a message to Miss Anne.But indeed,
Dear, you don't have to be upset.Captain Havel is self-righteous
Engaged, let me answer; like Captain Wentworth, I dare
Say."

Annie could never do it again; but her heart foretells that some unfortunate things will be wet.
Her happy perfection.However, it cannot be very durable.Even if he doesn’t come to Camden Square himself, he will be on her
Captain Havel's power to issue intelligible sentences.other
Temporary trouble happened.Charles, in his real care and kindness
Naturally, would go home with her; did not stop him.this is
Almost cruel.But she cannot be ungrateful. He is sacrificing
The engagement to the gunsmith worked for her; then she set off
With him, there is no emotion, only gratitude.They were on Union Street, when they were one step behind,
The familiar voice gave her two minutes of preparation
Captain Wentworth.He joined them; but, as if hesitated
Join or pass, say nothing, just watch.Annie can command
She herself can accept that look, not disgust.cheek
What was originally pale is now shining, hesitant movement
Decided.He walks by her side.Currently, was suddenly attacked
Thinking, Charles said--

"Captain Wentworth, which way are you going? Just go to Guy Street, or
Go further to town? "

"I hardly know," Captain Wentworth replied in surprise.."Are you going to be as tall as Belmont? Are you going near Camden Square?
Because if you are, I will not hesitate to ask you to take me away
Stretch your arm to her father's door.She is done
Because this morning, I can’t go this far without help, I should
At the guy in the market.He promised that I would see one
The cannon was about to be sent away; he said he would keep it
Untie it to the last moment, I might see it; if I do
Don't look back now, i don't have a chance.According to his description, it's a good deal
Just like my second double tube, you took it in one day
Round Winthrop."

No objections.Maybe only the most suitable
Agility, the most necessary obedience for the public; the smile faded
Dancing in private ecstasy.Charles in half a minute
At the bottom of Lianhe Street again, the other two continue on
Together: Soon, the words between them will be enough to decide
They are moving in the direction of the relatively quiet and receding gravel
Walk, where the power of talking will make the present a
Indeed bless and prepare for all immortality
The happiest memory of my future life.There
They exchanged those old feelings and those promises again
It seems that everything can be ensured before, but the next one is
Many, many years of division and estrangement.They are back
Go back to the past again, more refined happiness, maybe, in their
Recombine, not when originally planned; more tender, more
Tried, more focused on understanding each other’s character, truth and
Annex; more equal action, more reasonable action.There as
They paced slowly, ignoring every group of people around
They did not see the politicians hanging out, nor the bustling butlers,
Girls who flirt, nor are they babysitters and children, they can be addicted to
Those looking back and acknowledging, especially those
An explanation of what happened directly before the current moment, namely
So bitter, so interested.All the little
Experienced the changes of last week; and yesterday and
Today is almost impossible to end.She didn't read him wrong.Envy of Mr. Elliott is a hindrance
Weight, doubt, torture.That's already working
The time I saw her for the first time in Bath; came back, after a short period of
Pause, spoil the concert; this affects him
Everything he said and did in the past, or everything he didn't say and did
Four twenty hours.It has gradually succumbed to a better direction
Her appearance, words or actions occasionally encourage her hope; it
Finally conquered by those emotions and tone
When she was talking to Captain Javier, she had reached him; and
Irresistible rule, he grabbed a piece of paper, and
Confide his feelings.What he wrote at the time, nothing can be withdrawn or limited.He insisted on loving her only.She never
replace.He never even believed that he would see her equal.therefore
In fact, he has to admit: he has been
Unconsciously, unconsciously; he wanted to forget her,
And believe it will be done.He had imagined that he was indifferent, when
He was just angry; he was unfair to her merits because
He has been their victim.Her character is now fixed on him
Thought itself is perfect, keep the cutest medium
Fortitude and gentleness; but he has to admit that only
At Upper Cross he learned to do justice for her, only at Lyme he learned
Start to understand yourself.In Lyme, he learned more
More than one.Mr. Elliott's flash of admiration at least awakened
The scenes of him, the Cobb and Captain Havel’s house have solved her problem
Advantage.Before he tried to attach himself to Louisa Musgrove (
An angry proud attempt), he protested that he would always feel it
Impossible; he does not care, nor does he care about Louisa;
Although until that day, until the leisure of the next thinking
It, he doesn’t understand the perfect soul
Louisa's can withstand comparison, or perfect unparalleled hold
It possesses his own.There he learned to distinguish
The firmness of principle and the stubbornness of the will, between the two
Careless guts and determination to concentrate.There
He has seen everything that can elevate the woman he has
Lost; and began to lament my pride, stupidity, and madness
Resentment, which prevented him from trying to regain her when he was thrown in
His method.Since then, his confession has become severe.He hasn't had time
Get rid of the fear and regret of the first few days
Louisa’s accident, when he first felt like he was still alive, he
I have begun to feel that I am still alive, but not free."I found out," he said, "Javier thinks I'm engaged!
Neither Javier nor his wife doubted what we have in common
annex.I was surprised and happy.To some extent, I can
Refute this immediately; but when I start to reflect on others
May have the same feeling-her own family, no, maybe herself-I am
No longer dominated by myself.If she wants, I am her honor.I am defenseless.I haven't considered this issue seriously
before.I never thought that my excessive intimacy must have it
There is a danger of bad consequences in many ways; I have no right to be
Try if I can be attached to any girl, in
Even the risk of unpleasant reports, if there are no other diseases
effect.I was so wrong, I have to bear the consequences."

All in all, he found himself entangled with himself, it was too late; then
Just when he was completely satisfied that he didn't care about Luisa
All in all, if she has feelings for him, he must regard himself as a restraint to her
The Havel family thinks.It decided that he would leave Lyme, and
Waiting elsewhere for her to fully recover.He is happy to weaken in any way
Fair means, regardless of his feelings or guesses
Existed; therefore, he went to his brother's house, meaning that after a while
Return to Kelich and take action according to the situation."I stayed with Edward for six weeks," he said, "I am very happy to see him..I can
No other fun.I do not deserve.He asked you very much
Special; was asked even if you are personally changed, small
Doubt in my opinion you can never change."

Annie smiled and let it go.For a person, this is a pleasant mistake
blame.Women can rest assured, on her
In 80 or 20 years, she has not lost her earlier charm
Youth; but the value of this respect increases inexplicably to
Annie, by comparing it with the previous word and feeling it’s
The result, not the reason for the resurrection of his warm attachment.He stayed in Shropshire, lamenting his blindness
Pride, and his own calculation errors, until he was released immediately
Amazing and just right wisdom from Luisa
Engaged with Benwick."Here," he said, "ends my worst state; now I can at least
Block myself in the path of happiness; I can play as much as I can; I can
something.But waited for so long in the midst of doing nothing
Evil, terrible.In the first five minutes, I said, ‘I will
In Bath on Wednesday,'I was.Think it is unforgivable
Is it worth my visit? And arrive with a certain degree of hope? you
single.It's possible that you will keep the other person's feelings
In the past, just like me; an encouragement happened to be mine.I can
Never doubt that you will be loved and sought after by others, but I know
Make sure you rejected a man, at least, better
More conceited than I am; I can’t help but often say, ‘this is
for me? '"

They had a lot to say when they first met on Milsom Street, but
Concert more.That night seems to be made of exquisite
time.The moment she stepped on the Octagonal Hall
Talk to him: the moment Mr. Elliott appeared and tore her apart
Leave, and the next one or two moments to return to hope or
Getting frustrated and energetic."To see you," he yelled, "among those who can't be me
Good-hearted people; seeing your cousin by your side, talking and smiling,
Feel all the terrible qualifications and etiquette of this game!
Think of it as the specific wish of every hopeful person
influence you! Even if your own feelings are reluctant or
It doesn't matter, think about what strong support he will have! is it
Isn't it enough to make me appear as a fool? What do i think
Is there no pain? Not the sight of the friend sitting behind
You are not a memory of the past, an understanding of her
Influence, the indelible and unshakable impression of persuasion
Once it's done-isn't it all for me? "

"You should distinguish," Annie replied."you should not
Doubt me now; the situation is so different, my age is so different.If I ever succumbed to persuasion is wrong, remember that it was for
Persuade from the perspective of safety rather than risk.When I succumbed,
I thought it was a duty, but there is no duty here to be called assistance.in
Marry a man who is indifferent to me, all risks will happen,
And violated all duties."

"Maybe I should reason like this," he replied, "but I can't.I cannot benefit from the latest knowledge I have gained
Your character.I can’t play it; it’s at a loss,
Buried, lost in those early relationships that I have always hated
Year by year.I can only think of you as a succumbing person, who
I have given up on being influenced by anyone but not by me.I saw you with the person who guided you that year
suffering.I have no reason to believe that she is not so authoritative now.This
The power of habit is to be added."

"I should think," Annie said. "My attitude to myself might
Save you a lot or all of this."

"No, no! Your attitude may just be the ease of your engagement
Another man will give.I leave this faith to you; however, I am
Determined to see you again.My spirit cheered up in the morning, and
I think I still have the motivation to stay here."

Annie finally returned home, happier than anyone in the family
Can imagine.All the surprises and suspense, and others
The pain part of the morning was dissipated by this conversation, she
Re-entered the house so happily that I had to find the alloy in some place
Short-term worries that it cannot last.An interval
Meditation, seriousness and gratitude are the best corrections
Everything is dangerous in such noble happiness; then she goes to her
Room, and become firm and fearless in her gratitude
enjoy.As night falls, the living room is brightly lit, the company
Assembly.It’s just a card party, it’s just those
People who have never met before and meet too frequently; commonplace
Business, too much to be intimate, too small to be diversified; but Annie
Never found a shorter night.Sensual glowing cute
And happiness, more common than she thought
Being cared, she feels cheerful or tolerant towards every creature
By her side.Mr. Elliott was there; she avoided but she could pity him.The Wallis family, she is happy to get to know them.Mrs. Dalrymple
And Miss Carteret-they will soon become her harmless cousins.she was
I don’t care about Mrs. Clay, and there is nothing to blush in public.
The manners of her father and sister.With Musgroves,
Have a relaxed and pleasant chat; with the kind-hearted Captain Havel
Brother and sister relationship; with Mrs. Russell, try
The conversation was interrupted by a wonderful consciousness; with the admiral
And Mrs. Croft, everything is very kind and warm,
The same consciousness tries to hide it; and the captain
Wentworth, some exchanges happen all the time, and
Always hope for more, always know he is there.This is in one of these brief meetings, where everyone is obviously busy
Appreciating the exquisite display of greenhouse plants, she said--

"I have been thinking about the past and trying to judge fairly
Right and wrong, I mean about myself; I have to believe
I am right, although I have suffered a lot, but I am perfect
It's right to be guided by a friend you love more than you
do it now.For me, she replaced her parents.do not get me wrong,
however.I'm not saying that her suggestion is not wrong.it is,
Perhaps, one of the suggestions is good or bad only as
Event decision; for myself, of course I shouldn’t, under any circumstances
Can tolerate similar situations, give such advice.But i mean,
I am right to obey her, if I do
Otherwise, I should suffer more pain while continuing to be engaged
Even more than what I did to give it up because I should be in my
conscience.I have it now, as long as this emotion is allowed
Humanity is beyond reproach; if I remember correctly, a
A strong sense of responsibility is not part of a woman."

He looked at her, looked at Mrs. Russell, and looked at her again,
Answered, as if thinking calmly--

"not yet.But hopefully she will be forgiven in time.I believe
Soon do charity with her.But I also keep thinking
In the past, and raised a question, is it possible that there is no
Is there someone more like my enemy than that lady? Myself.Tell me, when I returned to England in the eighth grade, were there any
One thousand pounds, if I wrote it at the time, was sent to Laconia
For you, will you reply to my letter? In short, you will
Then renewed? "

"Can I!" is all her answer; but the accent is decisive enough."Oh my God!" He cried, "You will! It's not that I didn't expect
It, or desire it, because only then can I crown all my other successes; but I
Very proud, too proud to ask any more.I do not understand you.I closed it
My eyes will not understand you or your justice.This is an
Should let me forgive everyone's memories sooner
I.Six years of separation and pain could have been spared.It’s also a pain, it’s new to me.I'm used to it
Believe that I will win the satisfaction of every blessing I have
enjoy.I value my glorious hard work and rewards.Just like other great men in adversity," he added with a smile."I have to
Try to make my mind succumb to my wealth.I must learn to endure existence
Happier than i deserve."



Chapter 24


Who can doubt what happened next? When any two young people
Marriage is their idea, they are pretty sure through persistence
Stick to their point of view, whether they have been so poor, or so reckless, or have been
There is almost no need for the ultimate comfort of each other.This may be a bad moral conclusion, but I believe it is
The truth; if such a gathering succeeds, Captain Wentworth and
Annie Elliott, with a mature mind and consciousness
Rights, and an independent wealth between them, cannot bear
Down with every opposition? In fact, they may have achieved great success
Deal with more than they encountered, because there is nothing to make them painful
Beyond the lack of kindness and warmth.Sir Walter did not
Opposed, and all Elizabeth did was look ruthless
indifferent.Captain Wentworth, with fifty to twenty thousand pounds,
And the highest possible achievements and activities in his profession can make him,
No longer anyone.He is now considered very worthwhile to solve this problem
The daughter of a stupid, profligate baron, she has no principles
Or feel enough to keep yourself in this situation
God placed him, now who can give him a daughter
But it must be a small part of her share of £10,000
After that.Sir Walter, indeed, although he has no affection for Anne, and no vanity.
Flattered, made him really happy on this occasion, away
Think it's not suitable for her.On the contrary, when he saw more
Captain Wentworth, saw him many times during the day and watched him well,
He was very shocked by his personal opinion and thought that his
The superiority of appearance may not create an unfair balance for her
The position is superior; and all of this, with the help of his nice name,
Finally let Sir Walter prepare his pen, very elegant,
Used to insert marriage in the honor roll.The only one of them, resistance to feelings can inspire anyone
Mrs. Russell is seriously anxious.Annie knew Mrs. Russell must be
Suffered some pain in understanding and abandoning Mr. Elliott, and
Are trying to become truly familiar and do
Justice for Captain Wentworth.However, this is what Mrs. Russell has
Do now.She must learn to feel that she has been misunderstood
Regarding both; she was unfairly affected
Each; because the behavior of Captain Wentworth is not suitable for her
Thoughts, she suspects they are too fast to show
Dangerous impulsive character; that’s because of Mr. Eliot’s
The proper etiquette and correctness make her happy,
They are generally polite and polite, she is in
Accept them as the definite result of the most correct opinion and
Regular mind.Mrs. Russell has not much to do,
Instead of admitting that she was completely wrong and accepting
A new set of opinions and hopes.Some people’s perception is very fast and their insight is very keen
Character, a natural penetration, in short, no experience
Others can be equal, and Mrs. Russell has poor talent in this area.
A friend younger than her understands better.But she is a very good woman,
If her second goal is reason and judgment, her first goal
To see Annie happy.She loves Annie more than herself
Ability; when the embarrassment of the beginning is over, it is discovered
There is no difficulty in attaching myself as a mother to the former man
To ensure the happiness of her other child.Of all the families, Mary is probably the one who feels most immediately relieved
Depends on the situation.Having a sister married is trustworthy, and
She might be right for herself
Contact and keep Annie by her side in the fall; with her own
My sister must be better than my husband's sister, very cute
Captain Wentworth should be richer than any other captain
Benwick or Charles Haight.What does she have to suffer, maybe, when
They contacted again and saw Anne recovered
Seniority, the mistress of a very beautiful mistress; but she has a
Looking forward to the future, powerful comfort.Annie didn't
In the Upper Cross Manor in front of her, there is no estate and no owner of the family;
If they can prevent Captain Wentworth from becoming a baron,
She won't change her situation with Annie.If only the eldest sister is also satisfied
In her situation, the possibility of change is unlikely.she has
Soon seeing the shame of Mr. Elliott withdrawing, none of them
Since then, the right conditions have emerged and can even be improved
Unfounded hope sinks with him.The news of his cousin Annie’s engagement shocked Mr. Elliott the most.
unexpectedly.It disrupted his best family happiness plan, his
The best hope of keeping Sir Walter single
The son-in-law's rights would have been given.But although I feel uneasy and
Disappointed, he can still serve his own interests and his
Own enjoyment.He left Bath soon; Mrs. Clay was about to quit smoking
Soon after, the next time I heard it was established under his leadership
In London’s protection, it’s clear that he is twice as much in a game
Play and how he made up his mind to avoid being eliminated
At least by a cunning woman.Mrs. Clay’s feelings overwhelmed her interest, she has
Sacrificed, for the sake of young people, the possibility of conspiracy
Sir Walter is longer.However, she has the ability and also
Affection; it is now doubtful whether his cunning, or
Her, may finally usher in this day; whether, after stopping her
As Sir Walter’s wife, he may not be in
Finally made her the wife of Sir William.There is no doubt that Sir Walter and Elizabeth were shocked.
Feel ashamed of losing companions and discovering them
Cheat her.To be sure, they have their cousins
To be comfortable; but they must feel flattery and follow for a long time
Others, not being flattered and followed in turn, just a state
Half enjoyment.Annie, I was satisfied with what Mrs. Russell meant for a long time.
Love Captain Wentworth, she should, no other alloys
Her prospects are greater than the happiness that comes from consciousness
It’s okay to give him a reasonable person to value.There she felt her inferiority very keenly.Out of proportion
Their wealth was worthless; it did not make her regret for a moment; but
No family can receive and estimate him well, nothing
Decent, harmonious and kindly rewarding all
Worthy of a quick welcome with all his brothers and her who met her
Sisters, the most active source of pain in her mind
It is wise to be very happy in other ways.she has
But there are two friends in the world who want to join his list, Mrs. Russell and Mrs.
Smith.However, for those, he is very willing to depend on himself.Mrs. Russell, although she has committed many crimes before, now he can
Value from the heart.Although he is not obligated to say that he believes
She was right to separate them from the beginning, and he was going to say
Almost everything is good for her, as for Mrs. Smith, she has
Various requirements to recommend her statement quickly and permanently.Annie’s recent mediation was enough by itself, and
Their marriage did not deprive a friend of her, but fought for her
two.She was the earliest visitor in their settled life; and the captain
Wentworth, let her hinder her husband's recovery
On property in the West Indies, writing for her, acting for her, and
Accompany her through all the small difficulties of the case
The activities and efforts of a fearless person and a firm friend, completely
Returns the services she has provided or intends to provide,
To his wife.The increase in income did not destroy Mrs. Smith’s enjoyment,
With some improvement in health, and getting friends like this to come
Often together, because her happiness and mental agility did not fail
Her; although these main goodies still exist, she may have
Challenge even greater secular prosperity.she was
May have been absolutely rich and completely healthy, but
Happy.Her happy spring is in the light of her spirit, just as she
Annie's friends are warm in her heart.Annie is gentle
Herself, she was in Captain Wentworth’s
feeling.His profession is enough to make her a friend
Hope to be less gentle, fear of future war
Her sunshine.She is proud to be the sailor’s wife, but she must pay the price
Belongs to the fast alert tax of the industry, if
Possibly, more outstanding in family virtues than in family virtues
National importance.Phoenix








The end of Project Gutenberg, the Persuasion eBook, by Jane Austen

*** This project GUTENBERG e-book persuasion is over ***

***** This file should be named 105.txt or 105.Compression *****
This file and all related files in various formats can be found in the following locations:
        https://www.Gutenberg.Organization/1/0/105/

Produced by Sharon Partridge and Martin Ward.HTML version
Al Haines.The updated version will replace the previous version-the old version
Will be renamed.Creating a work from the public domain print edition means no
One person owns the U.S. copyrights to these works, so the foundation
(And you!) It can be copied and distributed in the United States without
License and no royalties.Special rules,
The general terms of use section of this license is applicable to
Copy and distribute Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
Protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.project
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, if you don’t use it, you must not use it
Charges for e-books, unless you have specific permission.If you
Do not charge any fees for copies of this e-book, comply with
The rules are simple.You can use this ebook for almost any purpose
Such as creating derivative works, reports, performances and
the study.They may be modified, printed and distributed-you may do
Almost anything that contains e-books in the public domain.Redistribution is
Licensed by trademarks, especially commercial licenses
Redistribution.*** Start: full license ***

Complete project Gutenberg license
Please read this content before distributing or using this work

The mission of protecting Project Gutenberg-tm and promoting freedom
Distribute electronic works by using or distributing this work
(Or in any way with the phrase "item
Gutenberg"), you agree to abide by all terms of the complete project
Gutenberg-tm license (available through this file or online
https://Gutenberg.Organization/license).Section 1.General terms of use and redistribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
Electronic works

1.A kind.By reading or using any part of this project Gutenberg-tm
Electronic works, you indicate that you have read, understood, and agreed
And accept all terms of this license and intellectual property rights
(Trademark/Copyright) Agreement.If you do not agree to comply with all
The terms of this agreement, you must stop using and return or destroy
All copies of Project Gutenberg electronic works you own.If you paid for obtaining a copy of the project or accessing the project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works, you do not agree to receive
According to the terms of this agreement, you can get from that person or
The entity to which you pay the fees in accordance with paragraph 1.Yes.8.

1.B."Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.It might just be
Used by the following persons in electronic works or associated with electronic works in any way
Agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.there's a few
What you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
Even if you do not comply with all the terms of this agreement.Look
Paragraph 1.Below C.You can do many things with Project
If you comply with the terms of this agreement, Gutenberg-tm electronic works
And help retain free access to the electronic version of Project Gutenberg-tm in the future
works.See paragraph 1.Below E.

1.C.Project Gutenberg Literary Archives Foundation ("Foundation"
Or PGLAF), owns the compilation copyright of the Project collection
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.Almost all personal works are in
Collection is in the public domain in the U.S..in case
Personal work is in the public domain in the United States, and you are
Located in the United States, we have no right to stop you
Copy, distribute, perform, display or create derivatives
As long as all works that refer to Project Gutenberg are based on works
Removed.Of course, we hope you can support this project
Gutenberg-tm's mission to promote free access to electronic works
Freely share the works of Project Gutenberg-tm under the following terms
This agreement reserves the names associated with Project Gutenberg-tm
jobs.You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement in the following ways
Keep this work in the same format as the complete project attached to it
Gutenberg-tm license when sharing free with others.

1.D.Copyright laws of your place also apply
What can you do with this job.The copyright laws of most countries are in
Changing state.If you are outside the U.S., please check
In addition to the terms of this agreement, the laws of your country/region
When downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
Create derivative works based on this work or any other project
Gutenberg's works.The foundation is wrong
The copyright status of any work in any country outside the U.S.
status.

1.Yes.Unless you delete all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.Yes.1.The following sentence, with active links, or other direct
To visit, the full Project Gutenberg-tm license must be prominently displayed
Whenever any copy of Project Gutenberg works (any work
The phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears
"Gutenberg") is accessed, displayed, executed, viewed,
Copy or distribute:

This e-book is free for anyone to use anywhere
Hardly any restrictions.You can copy, give away or
Re-use it according to the included Gutenberg program license terms
Use this e-book or online at www.Gutenberg.organization

1.Yes.2.If a separate Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
From the public domain (excluded indicates that it is
Released with permission of the copyright owner), the work can be copied
And distribute to anyone in the U.S. without paying any fees
Or charge.If you want to redistribute or provide access to the work
Associated with "Project Gutenberg" or appearing in
Work, you must comply with paragraph 1.Yes.1
Pass 1.Yes.7 Or obtain permission to use the work and
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as specified in paragraph 1.Yes.8 or
1.Yes.9.

1.Yes.3.If a personal Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is published
With the permission of the copyright owner, your use and distribution
Must also comply with paragraph 1.Yes.1 to 1.Yes.7 and any additional
Terms imposed by copyright owner.Additional terms will be linked
All works released under the Project Gutenberg-tm license
The permission of the copyright owner found at the beginning of this work.

1.Yes.4.Do not unlink, separate or delete the complete Gutenberg Project
License terms for this work or any document containing a part of this work
Work or any other work related to Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.Yes.5.Do not copy, display, execute, distribute or redistribute this
Electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, no
Highlight the sentence in paragraph 1.Yes.1 and
Active link or immediate access to the full terms of the project
Gutenberg-tm license.

1.Yes.6.You can convert it into any binary file and distribute this work,
Compressed, marked, non-proprietary or proprietary form, including any
Word processing or hypertext form.However, if you provide access or
Distribute a copy of Project Gutenberg-tm's work in a format other than
"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used by the official version
Published on the official Project Gutenberg-tm website (www.Gutenberg.organization),
You must provide it without causing additional costs, fees or expenses to the user
Copy, how to export a copy, or how to obtain a copy
Require works in original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other formats
form.Any alternative format must include the complete Project Gutenberg-tm
Licence specified in paragraph 1.Yes.1.

1.Yes.7.No access, viewing, display,
Perform, copy or distribute any Project Gutenberg-tm work
Unless you comply with paragraph 1.Yes.8 or 1.Yes.9.

1.Yes.8.You can charge a reasonable fee for copying or providing content
Access or distribute electronic works provided by Project Gutenberg-tm
that

-The royalties you pay are 20% of your gross profit
     Use Project Gutenberg-tm's work to calculate how to use it
     You have used it to calculate applicable taxes.The cost is
     Owes the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
     Has agreed to donate the royalties under this paragraph to
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archives Foundation.Royalty payment
     Must be paid within 60 days after each date
     Prepare (or legally require) your regular tax
     Return.Royalties should be clearly marked, and
     Sent to the Gutenberg Project Literary Archives Foundation
     The address specified in Section 4, "Regarding donations to
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archives Foundation."

-A full refund of any money paid by the user you provided the notification
     You within 30 days of receiving his/her written notice (or via email)
     Disagree to the full terms of Project Gutenberg-tm
     license.You must ask such users to return or
     Destroy all copies of works owned in physical media
     And stop all use and all access to other copies
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.-You provide under paragraph 1.F.3. A full refund for any
     Money paid for the work or replacement copy, if there is a defect
     Electronic works are discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     Received works.-You abide by all other terms of this agreement for free
     Distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.Yes.9.If you wish to charge a fee or distribute Project Gutenberg-tm
The terms of the electronic work or group of works are different from the set terms
In this agreement, you must obtain written permission from:
Project Gutenberg Literary Archives Foundation and Michael
Hart, owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.contact
The basis set out in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1.Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees spend considerable
Efforts to identify, conduct copyright research, transcription and proofreading
Public domain works are creating the Gutenberg-tm project
Favorites.Despite these efforts, the Gutenberg Plan Electronic
Works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
"Defects", such as but not limited to incomplete, inaccurate or
Corrupted data, transcription errors, copyright or other knowledge
Property infringement, defective or damaged disks or other media,
Computer virus, or damaged or unreadable computer code
Your device.

1.F.2.Limited Warranty, Disclaimer of Damages-Except for "Rights"
Replacement or refund as described in paragraph 1".F.3. Project
Gutenberg Literary Archives Foundation, owner of the project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party that distributes the project
According to this agreement, Gutenberg-tm electronic works waive all
Liability for your damages, costs and expenses, including legal
cost.You agree that you have no remedy for negligence, strictly
Liability, breach of warranty or breach of contract, except for these
Provided in paragraph F3.You agree to the foundation,
The trademark owner and any distributors under this agreement will not
Bear you actual, direct, indirect, consequential, punitive or
Accidental damage, even if you have notified the possibility of such a situation
damage.

1.F.3.Limited replacement or refund rights-if you find
There is a defect within 90 days of receiving this electronic work, you can
Receive a refund of the money you paid (if any)
Written explanation to the person you received the work.If you
To receive the work on physical media, you must associate the media with
Your written explanation.Individual or entity provided to you
Defective works can choose to provide alternative copies instead
Refund.If you receive the work electronically, the individual or entity
Provide you with the option to give you a second chance
Receive works electronically in lieu of refunds.If the second copy
There are also defects, you can request a refund in writing without further
Opportunity to solve the problem.

1.F.4.Except for the prescribed limited replacement or refund rights
In paragraph 1.F.3. This job is provided to you "as is", nothing else
Any form of express or implied guarantee, including but not limited to
Guarantee of marketability or suitability for any purpose.

1.F.5.Some states do not allow certain implied disclaimers
Guarantee or exclude or limit certain types of damage.If any disclaimer or restriction stated in this agreement is violated
The laws of the country applicable to this agreement, this agreement shall be
Interpreted as making the largest disclaimer or limitation
Applicable state law.Any invalid or unenforceable
The terms of this agreement shall not invalidate the remaining terms.

1.F.6.Compensation-You agree to compensate and hold the foundation,
Trademark owner, any agent or employee of the foundation, anyone
Provide a copy of Project Gutenberg-tm's electronic work
According to this agreement, and any volunteers related to the production,
Promote and distribute Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
Exempt all responsibilities, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
Directly or indirectly caused by any of the following
Or lead to: (a) Distribution of this project or any Gutenberg project
Works, (b) change, modify or add or delete any
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any defects caused by you.chapter 2.Mission Information of Project Gutenberg

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with free distribution
Electronic works in various computer-readable formats
Including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.It exists
Thanks to the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and from
People from all walks of life.Volunteers and financial support for volunteers
The help they need is the key to realizing Project Gutenberg
Goal and ensure Project Gutenberg-tm collection
Free for future generations.In 2001, the project
The Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a safe
Project Gutenberg and the permanent future of future generations.Learn more about the Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
And how your efforts and donations can help, please refer to Sections 3 and 4
And foundation website https://www.Pugrav.organization.Section 3.Information about Project Gutenberg Literary Archives
basis

Gutenberg Literary Archives Foundation is a non-profit organization
501(c)(3) Educational company organized under the laws of the United States
Mississippi was granted tax-exempt status internally
Tax bureau.EIN or federal tax number of the foundation
The number is 64-6221541.Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted on
https://pglaf.Organization/Fundraising.Contribution to Project Gutenberg
Full tax exemption for the Literary Archives Foundation
With permission from U.second.Federal laws and the laws of your state.The main office of the foundation is located at 4557 Melan Dr.second.Fairbanks, Alaska, 99712., But its volunteers and employees are scattered
In many locations.Its business office is located at
809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
Commercial @pglaf.organization.Email contact link and latest contact information
Information can be found on the foundation's website and official website
The page is at https://pglaf.organization

For other contact information:
     PhD.Gregory B.Newby
     Chief Executive Officer and Director
     gbnewby@pglaf.organization


Section 4.Information about donating to Project Gutenberg
Literary Archives Foundation

The Gutenberg-tm project relies on a wide range of
Spread public support and donations to fulfill its mission
Increase the number of public domain and licensed works
Distributed for free in a machine-readable form, accessible to the widest range of people
A series of equipment including obsolete equipment.Many small donations
(1 to 5,000 USD) is particularly important for maintaining tax exemption
Status with IRS.The foundation is committed to complying with regulatory laws
Charities and charitable donations in all 50 U.S. states
status.Compliance requirements are not uniform, need
Considerable effort, a lot of paperwork and a lot of expenses to meet and keep up
Have these requirements.We don't collect donations locally
We have not received written confirmation of compliance.to
Send donations or determine any compliance status
Special State Visit https://pglaf.organization

Although we cannot and will not solicit donations from our state
Did not meet the solicitation requirements, we know there is no prohibit
Oppose accepting donations from donors from these countries
Contact us and provide donations.Gratefully accept international donations, but we cannot
Any statement regarding the tax treatment of donations received from
Outside the U.S..you.second.The law alone has overwhelmed our little employees.Please check the Gutenberg Project website for the current status of donations
Method and address.Some others that accept donations
Including checks, online payments and credit cards
Donate.To donate, please visit: https://pglaf.Organization/donation


Section 5.General information about Project Gutenberg-tm Electronics
works.Professor Michael S.Hart is the initiator of Project Gutenberg
The concept of a library of electronic works that can be shared freely
And anyone.For thirty years, he produced and released Project
Gutenberg-tm e-books have only a loose support network of volunteers.The Project Gutenberg-tm e-book usually consists of several printed
Version, all of which are recognized as public domain in the U.S..second.Unless it contains a copyright notice.Therefore, we may not
Adapt the e-book to any specific paper version.Most people start with our website, which has the main PG search tools:

     https://www.Gutenberg.organization

This website contains information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
Including how to donate to the Gutenberg Literature Project
The Archives Foundation, how to help make our new e-book, and how
Subscribe to our email newsletter to learn about new e-books.